---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f02_025
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65320060
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931572
    user_name: Coco333
    created_at: 1.5016136e+09
    started_on: 1.5016098e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016136e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f02_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016136e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021419e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 3814.8799999
    minutes_annotating: 63.5813333
    n_annotations: 11
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Hotel de l'Avenir\n52 Rue [unclear]Qay Larroc[/unclear]\nParis\n\nSaturday\n\nMy
      dearest Sylvia\n\nThank you so much for all your letters - all of which have
      now come, much to my relief - and Albert's, too, incidentally, - as I kept worrying
      about the delay.\nI shall be back on Wednesday. I am excited already at the
      prospect of seeing you after such a long while. [unclear]Turns[/unclear] out
      on Friday it would be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping with your
      friends because there seems to be a slight antagonism between Albert and Evenlyn
      which I don't want to [unclear]divert[/unclear] to myself. I must see her when
      I return and would prefer not to arrange it by letter with her in case I jeopardize
      (oh hell, I don't know how to spell it) our future chances which will be good,
      I think. Since you reminded me that I wouldn't be any good anyway on the 16th
      I felt this was the decision to make.\nToday started in a cafe on the Champs
      Elysees with vermouth and ham sandwiches, and macaroons. We had been to the
      Folies Bergere, oh what a bore! Home, we had to walk, by two o'clock. Up again
      at ten. In the afternoon I went to look at the Picassos, [unclear][/unclear],
      Legers, Braques, Brancusi, etc. Then I got some books, including Edith Sitwell's
      'English Eccentrics', which looks enchanting, fabulous, witty.\nI wrote this
      poem this morning at about 2.30. I doubt it's complete yet but as it's about
      your this letter is the place for it.\n\nThe centreless dreams of people\nWeighing
      a thousand beds until their fleish\nStaining as many pillows with \nThe blood
      [unclear]less[/unclear] [unclear]fantasy[/unclear] ensures\nAre not the dreams
      [unclear]about[/unclear] [unclear]line[/unclear] me\nWhich radiate from Sylvia\nLike
      Minerva's statue in an academy\nOn showers of [unclear]stars[/unclear] from
      a woman's head combed\n \nI'll try and give you all the information Michael
      needs at the weekend though I warn you that I have lived very much across the
      normal pattern of life. Half-student, half-poet.\n\nTonight we're having a meal
      in the room with an American student, a Californian, named Stuart. We have American
      tinned meats and chocolate, and fresh vegetables. I expect we'll go to the cinema
      later. I think of you. I love you. As it's less than a week to next Friday\nsmells
      of awaking increase.\nI'm delighted you're painting again.\nI adore you\n\nLawrence\n\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 9
    clean_transcription: Hotel de l'Avenir<br/>52 Rue Qay Larroc<br/>Paris<br/><br/>Saturday<br/><br/>My
      dearest Sylvia<br/><br/>Thank you so much for all your letters - all of which
      have now come, much to my relief - and Albert's, too, incidentally, - as I kept
      worrying about the delay.<br/>I shall be back on Wednesday. I am excited already
      at the prospect of seeing you after such a long while. Turns out on Friday it
      would be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping with your friends because
      there seems to be a slight antagonism between Albert and Evenlyn which I don't
      want to divert to myself. I must see her when I return and would prefer not
      to arrange it by letter with her in case I jeopardize (oh hell, I don't know
      how to spell it) our future chances which will be good, I think. Since you reminded
      me that I wouldn't be any good anyway on the 16th I felt this was the decision
      to make.<br/>Today started in a cafe on the Champs Elysees with vermouth and
      ham sandwiches, and macaroons. We had been to the Folies Bergere, oh what a
      bore! Home, we had to walk, by two o'clock. Up again at ten. In the afternoon
      I went to look at the Picassos, , Legers, Braques, Brancusi, etc. Then I got
      some books, including Edith Sitwell's 'English Eccentrics', which looks enchanting,
      fabulous, witty.<br/>I wrote this poem this morning at about 2.30. I doubt it's
      complete yet but as it's about your this letter is the place for it.<br/><br/>The
      centreless dreams of people<br/>Weighing a thousand beds until their fleish<br/>Staining
      as many pillows with <br/>The blood less fantasy ensures<br/>Are not the dreams
      about line me<br/>Which radiate from Sylvia<br/>Like Minerva's statue in an
      academy<br/>On showers of stars from a woman's head combed<br/> <br/>I'll try
      and give you all the information Michael needs at the weekend though I warn
      you that I have lived very much across the normal pattern of life. Half-student,
      half-poet.<br/><br/>Tonight we're having a meal in the room with an American
      student, a Californian, named Stuart. We have American tinned meats and chocolate,
      and fresh vegetables. I expect we'll go to the cinema later. I think of you.
      I love you. As it's less than a week to next Friday<br/>smells of awaking increase.<br/>I'm
      delighted you're painting again.<br/>I adore you<br/><br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>
    charcount: 2189
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/55d3f475-3a40-4ad8-a72f-dc2f5da674f7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.935023
    median_ratio: 0.9365738
    max_ratio: 0.9441833
    min_ratio: 0.9210526
    total_ratio: 4.6751149
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1368808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1311167
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1674877
    min_dissimilarity: 0.1111817
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65413850
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931572
    user_name: srasg56
    created_at: 1.5016747e+09
    started_on: 1.5016731e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016747e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f02_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016136e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021419e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1578.7119999
    minutes_annotating: 26.3118667
    n_annotations: 11
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Hotel de l'Avenue\n52 Rue Gay Lussac\nParis V\nSaturday\nMy
      dearest Sylvia\nThank you so much for all your letters - all of which have now\ncome,
      much to my relief - and Albert's , too, incidentally, - as I kept\nworrying
      about the delay.\nI shall be back on Wednesday.  I am excited already at the
      pros-\npect of seeing you after such a long while.  I think that on Friday it\nwould
      be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping with your friends\nbecause
      there seems to be a slight antagonism between Albert and Evelyn\nwhich I don't
      want to divert to myself.  I must see her when I return and\nwould prefer not
      to arrange it my letter until [unclear]then[/unclear] in case I jeop-\nardise
      (oh, hell, I don't know how to spell it) our future chances which\nwill be good,
      I think.  Since you reminded me that it wouldn't be any \ngood anyway on the
      16th I felt this was the decision to make.\nToday started in a cafe on the Champs
      Elysees with vermouth and\nham sandwiches, and marcaroons.  We had been to the
      Follies Bergere, oh\nwhat a bore! Home, we had to walk, by two o'clock. Up again
      at ten. In\nthe afternoon I went to look at the Picassos, Malloils, Legere,
      Braques,\nBrancusi, &c.  Then I got some books, including Edith Sitwell's English\nEccentrics
      which looks enchanting, fabulous, witty.\nI wrote this poem this morning at
      about 2.30.  I doubt its com-\nplete yet but as it's about you this letter is
      the place for it.\nThe centreless dreams of people\nWeighing a thousand beds
      with their flesh\nStaining as many pillows with\nThe blood their phantasy ensures\nAre
      not the dreams sent [unclear]line[/unclear] me\nwhich radiate from Sylvia\nLike
      Minerva's statue in an academy\nOn [unclear]flowers[/unclear] of Dais from a
      woman's head [unclear]combed[/unclear]\n\nI'll try and give you the information
      Michael needs at the weekend\nthough I warn you that I have lived very much
      across the normal\npattern of life.  Half-student, half-poet.\n\nTonight we're
      having a meal in the room with an American student,\na Californian, named Stuart,
      we have American tinned meats and\nchocolate, and fresh vegetables.  I expect
      we'll go to the cinema later.\nI think of you. I love you. as it's less than
      a week to next Friday\nSmells of cooking increase.\nI'm delighted you're painting
      again.\nI adore you\nLawrence\n "
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 4
    clean_transcription: 'Hotel de l''Avenue<br/>52 Rue Gay Lussac<br/>Paris V<br/>Saturday<br/>My
      dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you so much for all your letters - all of which have
      now<br/>come, much to my relief - and Albert''s , too, incidentally, - as I
      kept<br/>worrying about the delay.<br/>I shall be back on Wednesday.  I am excited
      already at the pros-<br/>pect of seeing you after such a long while.  I think
      that on Friday it<br/>would be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping
      with your friends<br/>because there seems to be a slight antagonism between
      Albert and Evelyn<br/>which I don''t want to divert to myself.  I must see her
      when I return and<br/>would prefer not to arrange it my letter until then in
      case I jeop-<br/>ardise (oh, hell, I don''t know how to spell it) our future
      chances which<br/>will be good, I think.  Since you reminded me that it wouldn''t
      be any <br/>good anyway on the 16th I felt this was the decision to make.<br/>Today
      started in a cafe on the Champs Elysees with vermouth and<br/>ham sandwiches,
      and marcaroons.  We had been to the Follies Bergere, oh<br/>what a bore! Home,
      we had to walk, by two o''clock. Up again at ten. In<br/>the afternoon I went
      to look at the Picassos, Malloils, Legere, Braques,<br/>Brancusi, &c.  Then
      I got some books, including Edith Sitwell''s English<br/>Eccentrics which looks
      enchanting, fabulous, witty.<br/>I wrote this poem this morning at about 2.30.  I
      doubt its com-<br/>plete yet but as it''s about you this letter is the place
      for it.<br/>The centreless dreams of people<br/>Weighing a thousand beds with
      their flesh<br/>Staining as many pillows with<br/>The blood their phantasy ensures<br/>Are
      not the dreams sent line me<br/>which radiate from Sylvia<br/>Like Minerva''s
      statue in an academy<br/>On flowers of Dais from a woman''s head combed<br/><br/>I''ll
      try and give you the information Michael needs at the weekend<br/>though I warn
      you that I have lived very much across the normal<br/>pattern of life.  Half-student,
      half-poet.<br/><br/>Tonight we''re having a meal in the room with an American
      student,<br/>a Californian, named Stuart, we have American tinned meats and<br/>chocolate,
      and fresh vegetables.  I expect we''ll go to the cinema later.<br/>I think of
      you. I love you. as it''s less than a week to next Friday<br/>Smells of cooking
      increase.<br/>I''m delighted you''re painting again.<br/>I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/> '
    charcount: 2205
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/55d3f475-3a40-4ad8-a72f-dc2f5da674f7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9402809
    median_ratio: 0.9447709
    max_ratio: 0.9496147
    min_ratio: 0.9239766
    total_ratio: 4.7014046
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1368808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1311167
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1674877
    min_dissimilarity: 0.1111817
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65427481
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931572
    user_name: WiltedLotus
    created_at: 1.5016811e+09
    started_on: 1.5016797e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016811e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f02_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016136e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021419e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1337.3460002
    minutes_annotating: 22.2891
    n_annotations: 11
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Hotel del l'Avenir
      52 Rue [unclear]Guy Larrac[/unclear]
      Paris
      Saturday

      My dearest Sylvia
      Thank you so much for all your old letters - - all of which have now come, much to my relief - and Albert's, too , incidentally, - as I kept worrying about the delay.
      I shall be back on Wednesday. I am excited already at the pros-pect of seeing you after such a long while. I think that on Friday it would be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping with your friends because there seems to be a slight antagonism between Albert and Evelyn which I don't want to divert myself. I must see her when I return and would prefer not to arrange it by letter until [unclear][/unclear] in case I jeopardize (oh, hell, I don't know how to spell it) our future chances which will be good, I think. Since you reminded me that it wouldn't be any good anyway on the 16th, I felt this was the decision to make.
      Today started in a cafe on the Champs Elysees with vermouth and ham sandwiches, and macaroons. We had been to the Follies Bergere, oh what a [unclear]bore[/unclear]! Home, we had to walk, by two o'clock/ Up again at ten. In the afternoon I went to look at Picassos, [unclear]Maillols[/unclear], Leger, Braques, Brancusi, &c. Then I got some books, including Edith [unclear]Sitwell's[/unclear] English Eccentrics which looks enchanting, fabulous, witty.
      I wrote this poem this morning at about 2:30. I doubt its com-plete yet but as it's about you this letter is the place for it.

      The centreless dreams of people
      weighing a thousand beds with their flesh
      staining as many pillows with
      the blood their [unclear]phantasy[/unclear]ensures
      are not the dreams [unclear][/unclear]
      [unclear][/unclear]me
      which radiate from[unclear]Sylvia[/unclear]
      like Minerva's statue in an academy
      On showers of hair from a woman's head combed

      I'll try and give you the information Michael needs at the weekend though I warn you that I have lived very much acros the normal pattern of life. Half-student, half-poet.
      Tonight we're having a meal in the room with an American student, a Californian, named Stuart. We have American tinned meats and chocolate, and fresh vegetables. I expect we'll go to the cinema later. I think of you. I love you. Oh it's been [unclear][/unclear]a week to next Sunday.

      Smells of cooking increase.
      I'm delighted you're painting again.
      I adore you

      Lawrence
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 10
    clean_transcription: Hotel del l'Avenir<br/>52 Rue Guy Larrac<br/>Paris<br/>Saturday<br/><br/>My
      dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you so much for all your old letters - - all of which
      have now come, much to my relief - and Albert's, too , incidentally, - as I
      kept worrying about the delay.<br/>I shall be back on Wednesday. I am excited
      already at the pros-pect of seeing you after such a long while. I think that
      on Friday it would be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping with your
      friends because there seems to be a slight antagonism between Albert and Evelyn
      which I don't want to divert myself. I must see her when I return and would
      prefer not to arrange it by letter until  in case I jeopardize (oh, hell, I
      don't know how to spell it) our future chances which will be good, I think.
      Since you reminded me that it wouldn't be any good anyway on the 16th, I felt
      this was the decision to make.<br/>Today started in a cafe on the Champs Elysees
      with vermouth and ham sandwiches, and macaroons. We had been to the Follies
      Bergere, oh what a bore! Home, we had to walk, by two o'clock/ Up again at ten.
      In the afternoon I went to look at Picassos, Maillols, Leger, Braques, Brancusi,
      &c. Then I got some books, including Edith Sitwell's English Eccentrics which
      looks enchanting, fabulous, witty.<br/>I wrote this poem this morning at about
      2:30. I doubt its com-plete yet but as it's about you this letter is the place
      for it.<br/><br/>The centreless dreams of people<br/>weighing a thousand beds
      with their flesh<br/>staining as many pillows with<br/>the blood their phantasyensures<br/>are
      not the dreams <br/>me<br/>which radiate fromSylvia<br/>like Minerva's statue
      in an academy<br/>On showers of hair from a woman's head combed<br/><br/>I'll
      try and give you the information Michael needs at the weekend though I warn
      you that I have lived very much acros the normal pattern of life. Half-student,
      half-poet.<br/>Tonight we're having a meal in the room with an American student,
      a Californian, named Stuart. We have American tinned meats and chocolate, and
      fresh vegetables. I expect we'll go to the cinema later. I think of you. I love
      you. Oh it's been a week to next Sunday.<br/><br/>Smells of cooking increase.<br/>I'm
      delighted you're painting again.<br/>I adore you<br/><br/>Lawrence
    charcount: 2169
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/55d3f475-3a40-4ad8-a72f-dc2f5da674f7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9361818
    median_ratio: 0.940658
    max_ratio: 0.9467213
    min_ratio: 0.9181287
    total_ratio: 4.680909
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1368808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1311167
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1674877
    min_dissimilarity: 0.1111817
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65745072
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931572
    user_name: SusanMorley53425
    created_at: 1.501858e+09
    started_on: 1.5018549e+09
    ended_on: 1.501858e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f02_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016136e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021419e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 3053.5799999
    minutes_annotating: 50.893
    n_annotations: 11
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |+
      Hotel de l'[unclear]Avenis[/unclear]
      52 Rue [unclear]Say[/unclear][unclear]Lassare[/unclear]
      Paris
      Saturday

      My dearest Sylvia

      Thank you so much for all your letters - all of which have now
      come, much to my relief - and Albert's, too, incidentally, - as I kept
      worrying about the delay.

      I shall be back on Wednesday.  I am excited already at the pros-
      pect of seeing you after such a long while.  I think that on Friday it
      would be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping with your friends
      because there seems to be a slight antagonism between Albert and Evelyn
      which I don't want to [unclear]dinat[/unclear] to myself.  I must see her when I return and
      would prefer not to arrange it by letter with her in case I jeop-
      ardize ([unclear]also[/unclear]; hell, I don't know how to spell it) our future chances which
      will be good, I think.  Since you reminded me that it wouldn't be any
      good anyway on the 16th I felt this was the decision to make.

      Today started in a cafe on the Champs Elysee with vermouth and
      ham sandwiches, and macaroons.  We had been to the Follies Bergere, [unclear]ah[/unclear]
      meat a [unclear]bone[/unclear]!   Home, we had to walk, by two o'clock.  Up again at ten.  In
      the afternoon I went to look at the Picassos, [unclear]Malloils[/unclear], [unclear]Legen[/unclear], [unclear]Brogues[/unclear]
      [unclear]Brancusi[/unclear], etc.  Then I got some books, including Edith [unclear]Sitmells[/unclear] English
      [unclear]Eccentries[/unclear] which looks enchanting, fabulous, witty.

      I wrote this poem this morning at about 2.30.  I doubt its com-
      plete yet but as its about you this letter is the place for it.
      The centreless dreams of people
      Weighing a thousand [unclear]hads[/unclear] with their flesh
      Staining as many pillows with
      The blood their phantasy [unclear]ensues[/unclear]
      Are not the dreams that [unclear]line[/unclear] me
      Which radiate from Sylvia
      like Minerva's statue in an academy
      On showers [unclear]as[/unclear] hairs from a woman's head [unclear]cowled[/unclear]

      I'll try to give you all the information Michael needs at the weekend
      though I warn you that I have [unclear]lined[/unclear] very much across the normal
      pattern of life.  Half-student, half-poet.

      Tonight we're having a meal in the room with an American student
      a Californian, named Stuart. with some American tinned meats and
      chocolate, and fresh vegetables. I expect we'll go to the cinema later.

      I think of you.  I love you.  As it's less than a week to next Sunday.

      Smells of cooking increase.
      I'm delighted you're painting again.
      I adore you
      Lawrence




    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 19
    clean_transcription: Hotel de l'Avenis<br/>52 Rue SayLassare<br/>Paris<br/>Saturday<br/><br/>My
      dearest Sylvia<br/><br/>Thank you so much for all your letters - all of which
      have now<br/>come, much to my relief - and Albert's, too, incidentally, - as
      I kept<br/>worrying about the delay.<br/><br/>I shall be back on Wednesday.  I
      am excited already at the pros-<br/>pect of seeing you after such a long while.  I
      think that on Friday it<br/>would be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping
      with your friends<br/>because there seems to be a slight antagonism between
      Albert and Evelyn<br/>which I don't want to dinat to myself.  I must see her
      when I return and<br/>would prefer not to arrange it by letter with her in case
      I jeop-<br/>ardize (also; hell, I don't know how to spell it) our future chances
      which<br/>will be good, I think.  Since you reminded me that it wouldn't be
      any<br/>good anyway on the 16th I felt this was the decision to make.<br/><br/>Today
      started in a cafe on the Champs Elysee with vermouth and<br/>ham sandwiches,
      and macaroons.  We had been to the Follies Bergere, ah<br/>meat a bone!   Home,
      we had to walk, by two o'clock.  Up again at ten.  In<br/>the afternoon I went
      to look at the Picassos, Malloils, Legen, Brogues<br/>Brancusi, etc.  Then I
      got some books, including Edith Sitmells English<br/>Eccentries which looks
      enchanting, fabulous, witty.<br/><br/>I wrote this poem this morning at about
      2.30.  I doubt its com-<br/>plete yet but as its about you this letter is the
      place for it.<br/>The centreless dreams of people<br/>Weighing a thousand hads
      with their flesh<br/>Staining as many pillows with<br/>The blood their phantasy
      ensues<br/>Are not the dreams that line me<br/>Which radiate from Sylvia<br/>like
      Minerva's statue in an academy<br/>On showers as hairs from a woman's head cowled<br/><br/>I'll
      try to give you all the information Michael needs at the weekend<br/>though
      I warn you that I have lined very much across the normal<br/>pattern of life.  Half-student,
      half-poet.<br/><br/>Tonight we're having a meal in the room with an American
      student<br/>a Californian, named Stuart. with some American tinned meats and<br/>chocolate,
      and fresh vegetables. I expect we'll go to the cinema later.<br/><br/>I think
      of you.  I love you.  As it's less than a week to next Sunday.<br/><br/>Smells
      of cooking increase.<br/>I'm delighted you're painting again.<br/>I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
    charcount: 2215
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/55d3f475-3a40-4ad8-a72f-dc2f5da674f7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9225841
    median_ratio: 0.9218566
    max_ratio: 0.9289072
    min_ratio: 0.9188713
    total_ratio: 4.6129207
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1368808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1311167
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1674877
    min_dissimilarity: 0.1111817
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65790941
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931572
    user_name: k.h.pot
    created_at: 1.5018868e+09
    started_on: 1.5018859e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018868e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f02_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016136e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021419e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 859.0839999
    minutes_annotating: 14.3180667
    n_annotations: 11
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Hotel de l'Avenis\n52 Rue [unclear]Qay Larrae[/unclear]\nParis\nSaturday\n\nMy
      dearest Sylvia\nThank you so much for all your letters - all of which have now
      \ncome, much to my relief - and Albert's, too, incidentally, - as I kept \nworrying
      about the delay.\nI shall be back on Wednesday. I am excited already at the
      pros-\npect of seeing you after such a long while. I think that on Friday it\nwould
      be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping with your friends\nbecause
      there seems to be a slight antagonism between Albert and Evelyn\nwhich I don't
      want to divest to myself. I must see her when I return and\nwould prefer not
      to arrange it by letter with her in case I jeop-\nardize (oh, hell, I don't
      know how to spell it) our future changes which\nwill be good, I think. Since
      you reminded me that it wouldn't be any\ngood anyway on the 16th I felt this
      was the decision to make.\nToday started in a cafe on the Champs Elysees with
      vermouth and\nham sandwiches, and macaroons. We had been to the [unclear]Follies
      Bergere[/unclear], oh\nwhat a bore! Home, we had to walk, by two o' clock. up
      again at ten. In\nthe afternoon I went to look at the Picassos, [unclear]Mallails,
      Tegen, Broques, \nBrancusi[/unclear], &c. Then I got some books, including Edith
      Sitwell's English\nEccentrics which looks enchanting, fabulous, witty.\nI wrote
      this poem this morning at about 2.30. I doubt it's com-\nplete yet but as it's
      about you this letter is the place for it.\nThe centreless dreams of people\nweighing
      a thousand beds with their flesh\nStaining as many pillows with\nThe blood their
      phantasy ensures\nAre not the dreams [unclear]cent line[/unclear] me\nwhich
      radiate from Sylvia\nlike Minerva's statue in an academy\nOn showers of hair
      from a woman's head combed\ni'll try and give you the information Micahel needs
      at the  weekend\nthough I warn you that I have lived very much across the normal\npattern
      of life. Half-student, half-poet.\nTonight we're having a meal in the room with
      an American student,\na Californian, named Stuart. We have American dinner meats
      and \nchocolate, and fresh vegetables. I expect we'll go to the cinema later.\nI
      think of you. I love you. As it's less than a week to next Friday.\nSmells of
      waking increase.\nI'm delighted you're painting again.\nI adore you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 4
    clean_transcription: Hotel de l'Avenis<br/>52 Rue Qay Larrae<br/>Paris<br/>Saturday<br/><br/>My
      dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you so much for all your letters - all of which have
      now <br/>come, much to my relief - and Albert's, too, incidentally, - as I kept
      <br/>worrying about the delay.<br/>I shall be back on Wednesday. I am excited
      already at the pros-<br/>pect of seeing you after such a long while. I think
      that on Friday it<br/>would be best for you to make arrangements for sleeping
      with your friends<br/>because there seems to be a slight antagonism between
      Albert and Evelyn<br/>which I don't want to divest to myself. I must see her
      when I return and<br/>would prefer not to arrange it by letter with her in case
      I jeop-<br/>ardize (oh, hell, I don't know how to spell it) our future changes
      which<br/>will be good, I think. Since you reminded me that it wouldn't be any<br/>good
      anyway on the 16th I felt this was the decision to make.<br/>Today started in
      a cafe on the Champs Elysees with vermouth and<br/>ham sandwiches, and macaroons.
      We had been to the Follies Bergere, oh<br/>what a bore! Home, we had to walk,
      by two o' clock. up again at ten. In<br/>the afternoon I went to look at the
      Picassos, Mallails, Tegen, Broques, <br/>Brancusi, &c. Then I got some books,
      including Edith Sitwell's English<br/>Eccentrics which looks enchanting, fabulous,
      witty.<br/>I wrote this poem this morning at about 2.30. I doubt it's com-<br/>plete
      yet but as it's about you this letter is the place for it.<br/>The centreless
      dreams of people<br/>weighing a thousand beds with their flesh<br/>Staining
      as many pillows with<br/>The blood their phantasy ensures<br/>Are not the dreams
      cent line me<br/>which radiate from Sylvia<br/>like Minerva's statue in an academy<br/>On
      showers of hair from a woman's head combed<br/>i'll try and give you the information
      Micahel needs at the  weekend<br/>though I warn you that I have lived very much
      across the normal<br/>pattern of life. Half-student, half-poet.<br/>Tonight
      we're having a meal in the room with an American student,<br/>a Californian,
      named Stuart. We have American dinner meats and <br/>chocolate, and fresh vegetables.
      I expect we'll go to the cinema later.<br/>I think of you. I love you. As it's
      less than a week to next Friday.<br/>Smells of waking increase.<br/>I'm delighted
      you're painting again.<br/>I adore you<br/>Lawrence
    charcount: 2192
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/55d3f475-3a40-4ad8-a72f-dc2f5da674f7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9410127
    median_ratio: 0.9437939
    max_ratio: 0.9453584
    min_ratio: 0.9292398
    total_ratio: 4.7050636
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1368808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1311167
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1674877
    min_dissimilarity: 0.1111817
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66043511
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931572
    user_name: not-logged-in-dc021d940ab793fb9c0a
    created_at: 1.5021419e+09
    started_on: 1.5020392e+09
    ended_on: 1.5021419e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f02_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016136e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021419e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 102707.5039999
    minutes_annotating: 1711.7917333
    n_annotations: 11
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "                    Hotel de ll'[unclear]avenis[/unclear]\n
      \                    52 Rue [unclear]dag larrac[/unclear]\nSaturday\n\nMy dearest
      Sylvia\n     Thank you so much for all your letters -- all of which have now
      come, much to my relief -- and Albert's, too, incidentally, -- as I kept worrying
      about the delay.\n     I shall be back on Wednesday. I am excited already at
      the prospect of seeing you after such a long while. I think that on Friday it
      would be bet for you to make arrangements for sleeping with your friends because
      there seems to be a slight antagonism between Albert and Evelyn which i don't
      want to [unclear]divert[/unclear] to myself. I must see her when i return and
      would prefer not to arrange it by letter with her in case I jeorpardize (oh,
      hell, I don't know how to spell it) our future chances which will be good, I
      think. Since you reminded me that it wouldn't be any good anyway on the 18th,
      I felt this was the decision to make. \n     Today started in a cafe on the
      Champs Elysees with vermouth and ham sandwiches, and macaroons. We had been
      to the Follies Bergere, oh what a bore! Home, we had to walk, by two o'clock.
      Up again at ten. In the afternoon I went to look at the Picassos, [unclear]Malloies[/unclear]
      Degas, Braques, Brancusi, etc. Then I got some books, including Edith Sitwell's
      English Eccentrics which looks enchanting, fabulous, witty. \n     I wrote this
      poem this morning at about 2.30. I doubt its complete yet but as its about you
      this letter is the place for it. \n     The centreless dreams of people\n     Weighing
      a thousand beds with their flesh\n     Staining as many pillows with\n     The
      blood their phantasy ensures\n     Are not the dreams that [unclear]line[/unclear]
      me\n     Which radiate from Sylvia\n     Like Minerva's statue in an academy\n
      \    On flowers of hair from a woman's head combed\n\n    I'll try and give
      you the information Michael needs at the weekend thought I warn you that I have
      lived very much across the normal pattern of life. Half-student, half-poet.\n
      \    Tonight we're having a meal in the room with an American student, a Californian,
      named Stuart. We have American tinned meats and chocolate, and fresh vegetables.
      i expect we'll to to the cinema later. I think of you. I love you. Oh it's less
      than a week to next Friday.\n     Smell of cooking increases.\n     I'm delighted
      you're painting again.\n     I adore you\n                                         Lawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 5
    clean_transcription: '                    Hotel de ll''avenis<br/>                     52
      Rue dag larrac<br/>Saturday<br/><br/>My dearest Sylvia<br/>     Thank you so
      much for all your letters -- all of which have now come, much to my relief --
      and Albert''s, too, incidentally, -- as I kept worrying about the delay.<br/>     I
      shall be back on Wednesday. I am excited already at the prospect of seeing you
      after such a long while. I think that on Friday it would be bet for you to make
      arrangements for sleeping with your friends because there seems to be a slight
      antagonism between Albert and Evelyn which i don''t want to divert to myself.
      I must see her when i return and would prefer not to arrange it by letter with
      her in case I jeorpardize (oh, hell, I don''t know how to spell it) our future
      chances which will be good, I think. Since you reminded me that it wouldn''t
      be any good anyway on the 18th, I felt this was the decision to make. <br/>     Today
      started in a cafe on the Champs Elysees with vermouth and ham sandwiches, and
      macaroons. We had been to the Follies Bergere, oh what a bore! Home, we had
      to walk, by two o''clock. Up again at ten. In the afternoon I went to look at
      the Picassos, Malloies Degas, Braques, Brancusi, etc. Then I got some books,
      including Edith Sitwell''s English Eccentrics which looks enchanting, fabulous,
      witty. <br/>     I wrote this poem this morning at about 2.30. I doubt its complete
      yet but as its about you this letter is the place for it. <br/>     The centreless
      dreams of people<br/>     Weighing a thousand beds with their flesh<br/>     Staining
      as many pillows with<br/>     The blood their phantasy ensures<br/>     Are
      not the dreams that line me<br/>     Which radiate from Sylvia<br/>     Like
      Minerva''s statue in an academy<br/>     On flowers of hair from a woman''s
      head combed<br/><br/>    I''ll try and give you the information Michael needs
      at the weekend thought I warn you that I have lived very much across the normal
      pattern of life. Half-student, half-poet.<br/>     Tonight we''re having a meal
      in the room with an American student, a Californian, named Stuart. We have American
      tinned meats and chocolate, and fresh vegetables. i expect we''ll to to the
      cinema later. I think of you. I love you. Oh it''s less than a week to next
      Friday.<br/>     Smell of cooking increases.<br/>     I''m delighted you''re
      painting again.<br/>     I adore you<br/>                                         Lawrence'
    charcount: 2349
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/55d3f475-3a40-4ad8-a72f-dc2f5da674f7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9372547
    median_ratio: 0.9430943
    max_ratio: 0.9453584
    min_ratio: 0.9222222
    total_ratio: 4.6862736
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1368808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1311167
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1674877
    min_dissimilarity: 0.1111817
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f02_025.jpg

---
