---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f10_006
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 66547699
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751555
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5025172e+09
    started_on: 1.5025157e+09
    ended_on: 1.5025172e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f10_006.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025172e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038789e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502496e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1523.016
    minutes_annotating: 25.3836
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Formal portrait\nof Dandy\n\n7 ix 1951  Dearest dearest Sylvia,\n\nI
      sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sound-\ned so unhappy.  I
      wondered if the yellow envelope would worry\nyou but in this case I thought
      it might remind you that you\nare not forgotten by me:  it is only very reluctantly
      that I\nam away from you for any time at all.  I want, I want so much\nto live
      with you, live with you all the time.  Please do not\nbe afraid of depending
      on my - I am glad that you should, for\nI depend on you and adore you.  You
      say 'love me if you can':\noh darling how can I do anything else.  I could not
      stop \nloving you - I never have stopped.  I love you.\n\nThe Woods are behaving
      very foolishly and thoughtlessly at\nthe moment but you must try and see it
      with detachment:  Tiny's\nconcentration on the Mountains, coming as it does
      with M's\ndeparture, worries you more than it otherwise would, I am cer-\ntain.
      \ Despite occasional patches to the contrary the Woods\nlove you very much,
      as you know really.  You are not really\ninsecure.  Memories of being insecure
      and without a family\nare roused in you but in fact you have the Woods as well
      as me.\n(This is not the same as a family but friends have asked after\nyou:
      \ You are not forgotten by Magda, Madeleine, Paul, John.\nThey all feel warmly
      towards you.)\n\nYou are so precious to me that I feel with a physical real-\nness
      your unhappiness.  I need you so much and long to look\ntenderly after my cat,
      my beauty, my muse.  You are everything\nthat I want to live for, my love.\n\nDesiree
      seems to be flowering, I am glad.  Carol will not\nhave such a bad time after
      all, it seems:  the Whiloms at Hen-\nley will not be strange to her.  The other
      female adolescent\nsounds less and less attractive the more I hear:  I do hope\nthat,
      even if she spends a fair amount of time at Pett, you\nmay be with me much of
      the time at Blackheath, instead.\n(Perhaps you can discreetly give Desiree my
      kind regards, or\nsomething of that sort, for I do wish her well.)\n\nAll this
      fuss so that Mrs Mountain can go home and die makes\nme believe that (as I suspected
      from her name) she is an ele-\nphant.  By the way, McHale wrote an image (amended
      a little\nbit by Paul) which you can tell Trumpet if you think she would\nlike
      it.  Lion thinks it amusing.  'Tiny elephants in a state\nof exhaustion leaning
      against petro pumps'.\n\nWhat good news about the Cricket Field:  it certainly
      sounds\nto me that it is progressing well, even though you were so sad\none
      day when at work.  Do not be sad, my dearest love.  I\nadore you and will make
      you laugh when we meet next, I promise.\n\nThis address in Cambridge is where
      I'll be one of two nights:\nc/o Mr Patrick Thoms.\nThe Bell Rouse.\nLittle Wilbraham.\n(I
      don't know the county.  Can you look it up?  The Post Of-\nfice could probably
      say.)\n\nI love you I love you\nLawrence\nP.S. I promise tomorrow.  I'll write
      from there.  I love you.\nL.\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Formal portrait<br/>of Dandy<br/><br/>7 ix 1951  Dearest
      dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter
      sound-<br/>ed so unhappy.  I wondered if the yellow envelope would worry<br/>you
      but in this case I thought it might remind you that you<br/>are not forgotten
      by me:  it is only very reluctantly that I<br/>am away from you for any time
      at all.  I want, I want so much<br/>to live with you, live with you all the
      time.  Please do not<br/>be afraid of depending on my - I am glad that you should,
      for<br/>I depend on you and adore you.  You say ''love me if you can'':<br/>oh
      darling how can I do anything else.  I could not stop <br/>loving you - I never
      have stopped.  I love you.<br/><br/>The Woods are behaving very foolishly and
      thoughtlessly at<br/>the moment but you must try and see it with detachment:  Tiny''s<br/>concentration
      on the Mountains, coming as it does with M''s<br/>departure, worries you more
      than it otherwise would, I am cer-<br/>tain.  Despite occasional patches to
      the contrary the Woods<br/>love you very much, as you know really.  You are
      not really<br/>insecure.  Memories of being insecure and without a family<br/>are
      roused in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me.<br/>(This is not
      the same as a family but friends have asked after<br/>you:  You are not forgotten
      by Magda, Madeleine, Paul, John.<br/>They all feel warmly towards you.)<br/><br/>You
      are so precious to me that I feel with a physical real-<br/>ness your unhappiness.  I
      need you so much and long to look<br/>tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse.  You
      are everything<br/>that I want to live for, my love.<br/><br/>Desiree seems
      to be flowering, I am glad.  Carol will not<br/>have such a bad time after all,
      it seems:  the Whiloms at Hen-<br/>ley will not be strange to her.  The other
      female adolescent<br/>sounds less and less attractive the more I hear:  I do
      hope<br/>that, even if she spends a fair amount of time at Pett, you<br/>may
      be with me much of the time at Blackheath, instead.<br/>(Perhaps you can discreetly
      give Desiree my kind regards, or<br/>something of that sort, for I do wish her
      well.)<br/><br/>All this fuss so that Mrs Mountain can go home and die makes<br/>me
      believe that (as I suspected from her name) she is an ele-<br/>phant.  By the
      way, McHale wrote an image (amended a little<br/>bit by Paul) which you can
      tell Trumpet if you think she would<br/>like it.  Lion thinks it amusing.  ''Tiny
      elephants in a state<br/>of exhaustion leaning against petro pumps''.<br/><br/>What
      good news about the Cricket Field:  it certainly sounds<br/>to me that it is
      progressing well, even though you were so sad<br/>one day when at work.  Do
      not be sad, my dearest love.  I<br/>adore you and will make you laugh when we
      meet next, I promise.<br/><br/>This address in Cambridge is where I''ll be one
      of two nights:<br/>c/o Mr Patrick Thoms.<br/>The Bell Rouse.<br/>Little Wilbraham.<br/>(I
      don''t know the county.  Can you look it up?  The Post Of-<br/>fice could probably
      say.)<br/><br/>I love you I love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>P.S. I promise tomorrow.  I''ll
      write from there.  I love you.<br/>L.<br/>'
    charcount: 2895
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d116f35c-8adf-4de7-b1de-ab30de5ae920.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9828356
    median_ratio: 0.9836215
    max_ratio: 0.9876993
    min_ratio: 0.9764386
    total_ratio: 4.9141778
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0367117
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0361312
    max_dissimilarity: 0.054505
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0169109
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 67660292
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751555
    user_name: dixiechicken
    created_at: 1.50325e+09
    started_on: 1.5032488e+09
    ended_on: 1.50325e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f10_006.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025172e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038789e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5031872e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1193.8510001
    minutes_annotating: 19.8975167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Formal portrait of Dandy\n\n7th September 1951\n\nDearest dearest
      Sylvia,\nI sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sounded so unhappy.
      I wondered if the yellow envelope would worry you but in this case I thought
      it might remind you that you are not forgotten by me: it is only very reluctantly
      that I am away from you for any time at all. I want, I want so much to live
      with you, live with you all the time. Please do not be afraid of depending on
      me - I am glad that you should, for I depend on you and adore you. You say 'love
      me if you can': oh darling how can I do anything else. I could not stop loving
      you - I never have stopped. I love you.\n\nThe Woods are behaving very foolishly
      and thoughtlessly at the moment but you must try and see it with detachment:
      Tiny's concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does with M's departure,
      worries you more than it otherwise would, I am certain. Despite occasional patches
      to the contrary the Woods love you very much, as you know really. You are not
      really insecure. Memories of being insecure and without a family are roused
      in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me. (This is not the same as
      a family but friends have asked after you: you are not forgotten by Magda, Madeleine,
      Paul, John. They all feel warmly towards you.)\n\nYou are so precious to me
      that I feel with a physical realness your unhappiness. I need you so much and
      long to look tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse. You are everything that
      I want to live for, my love.\n\nDesiree seems to be flowering, I am glad. Carol
      will not have such a bad time after all, it seems: the Whiloms at Henley will
      not be strange to her. The other female adolescent sounds less and less attractive
      the more I hear: I do hop that, even if she spends a fair amount of time at
      Pett, you may be with me much of the time at Blackheath, instead. (Perhaps you
      could discreetly give Desiree my kind regards, or something of that sort, for
      I do wish her well.)\n\nAll this fuss so that Mrs Mountain can go home and die
      makes me believe that (as I suspected from her name)  she is an elephant. By
      the way, McHale wrote an image (amended a little bit by Paul) which you can
      tell Trumpet if you think she would like it. Lion thinks it amusing. 'Tiny elephants
      in a state of exhaustion leaning against petrol pumps'.\n\nWhat good news about
      the Cricket Field: it certainly sounds to me that it is [unclear]progressively[/unclear]
      well, even though you were so sad one day when at work. Do not be sad my dearest
      love. I adore you and will make you laugh when we meet next, I promise. \n\nThis
      address in Cambridge is where I'll be one or two nights:\nc/o Mr Patrick Thoms,\nThe
      Bell House,\nLittle Wilbraham.\n(I don't know the county. Can you look it up?
      The Post Office could probably say.)\n\nI love you, I love you, Lawrence\nP.S.\nIpswich
      tomorrow. I'll write from there. I love you.\nL.\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Formal portrait of Dandy<br/><br/>7th September 1951<br/><br/>Dearest
      dearest Sylvia,<br/>I sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sounded
      so unhappy. I wondered if the yellow envelope would worry you but in this case
      I thought it might remind you that you are not forgotten by me: it is only very
      reluctantly that I am away from you for any time at all. I want, I want so much
      to live with you, live with you all the time. Please do not be afraid of depending
      on me - I am glad that you should, for I depend on you and adore you. You say
      ''love me if you can'': oh darling how can I do anything else. I could not stop
      loving you - I never have stopped. I love you.<br/><br/>The Woods are behaving
      very foolishly and thoughtlessly at the moment but you must try and see it with
      detachment: Tiny''s concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does with M''s
      departure, worries you more than it otherwise would, I am certain. Despite occasional
      patches to the contrary the Woods love you very much, as you know really. You
      are not really insecure. Memories of being insecure and without a family are
      roused in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me. (This is not the
      same as a family but friends have asked after you: you are not forgotten by
      Magda, Madeleine, Paul, John. They all feel warmly towards you.)<br/><br/>You
      are so precious to me that I feel with a physical realness your unhappiness.
      I need you so much and long to look tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse.
      You are everything that I want to live for, my love.<br/><br/>Desiree seems
      to be flowering, I am glad. Carol will not have such a bad time after all, it
      seems: the Whiloms at Henley will not be strange to her. The other female adolescent
      sounds less and less attractive the more I hear: I do hop that, even if she
      spends a fair amount of time at Pett, you may be with me much of the time at
      Blackheath, instead. (Perhaps you could discreetly give Desiree my kind regards,
      or something of that sort, for I do wish her well.)<br/><br/>All this fuss so
      that Mrs Mountain can go home and die makes me believe that (as I suspected
      from her name)  she is an elephant. By the way, McHale wrote an image (amended
      a little bit by Paul) which you can tell Trumpet if you think she would like
      it. Lion thinks it amusing. ''Tiny elephants in a state of exhaustion leaning
      against petrol pumps''.<br/><br/>What good news about the Cricket Field: it
      certainly sounds to me that it is progressively well, even though you were so
      sad one day when at work. Do not be sad my dearest love. I adore you and will
      make you laugh when we meet next, I promise. <br/><br/>This address in Cambridge
      is where I''ll be one or two nights:<br/>c/o Mr Patrick Thoms,<br/>The Bell
      House,<br/>Little Wilbraham.<br/>(I don''t know the county. Can you look it
      up? The Post Office could probably say.)<br/><br/>I love you, I love you, Lawrence<br/>P.S.<br/>Ipswich
      tomorrow. I''ll write from there. I love you.<br/>L.<br/>'
    charcount: 2867
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d116f35c-8adf-4de7-b1de-ab30de5ae920.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9882899
    median_ratio: 0.9879126
    max_ratio: 0.9917995
    min_ratio: 0.985877
    total_ratio: 4.9414493
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0367117
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0361312
    max_dissimilarity: 0.054505
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0169109
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 68004317
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751555
    user_name: hoskinml
    created_at: 1.5035146e+09
    started_on: 1.5035128e+09
    ended_on: 1.5035146e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f10_006.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025172e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038789e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5034464e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1771.5800002
    minutes_annotating: 29.5263333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "formal portrait of Dandy\n7 ix 1951\nDearest dearest Sylvia,\nI
      sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sound-ed so unhappy. I wondered
      if the yellow envelope would worry you but in this case I thought it might remind
      you that you are not forgotten by me: it is only very reluctantly that I am
      away from you for any time at all. I want, I want so much to live with you,
      live with you all the time. Please do not be afraid of depending on me - I am
      glad that you should, for I depend on you and adore you. You say 'love me if
      you can': oh darling how can I do anything else. I could not stop loving you
      - I never have stopped. I love you. \nThe Woods are behaving very foolishly
      and thoughtlessly at the moment but you must try and see it with detachment:
      Tiny's concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does with M's departure,
      worries you more than it otherwise would, I am cer-tain. Despite occasional
      patches to the contrary the Woods love you very much, as you know really. You
      are not really insecure. Memories of being insecure and without a family are
      roused in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me. (This is not the
      same as a family but friends have asked after you: you are not forgotten by
      Magda, Madelaine, Paul, John. They all feel warmly towards you.)\nYou are so
      precious to me that I feel with a physical real-ness your unhappiness. I need
      you so much and long to look tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse. You
      are everything that I want to live for, my love.\nDesiree seems to be flowering,
      I am glad. Carol will not have such a bad time after all, it seems: the Whiloms
      at Hen-ley will not be strange to her. The other female adolescent sounds less
      and less attractive the more I hear: I do hope that, even if she spends a fair
      amount of time at Pett, you may be with me much of the time at Blackheath, instead.
      (Perhaps you can discreetly give Desiree my kind regards, or something of that
      sort, for I do wish her well.)\nAll this fuss so that Mrs Mountain can go home
      and die makes me believe that (as I suspected from her name) she is an ele-phant.
      By the way, McHale wrote an image (amended a little bit by Paul) which you can
      tell Trumpet if you think she would like it. Lion thinks it amusing. 'Tiny elephants
      in a state of exhaustion leaning against petrol pumps'.\nWhat good news about
      the Cricket Field: it certainly sounds to me that it is progressing well, even
      though you were so sad one day when at work. Do not be sad, my dearest love.
      I adore you and will make you laugh when we meet next, I promise.\nThis address
      in Cambridge is where I'll be one or two nights:\n          c/o Mr Patrick Thoms,\n
      \         The Bell House,\n           Little Wilbraham.\n(I don't know the county.
      Can you look it up? The Post Of-fice could probably say.) \n            I love
      you I love you\n                               Lawrence\nP.S. Ipswich tomorrow.
      I'll write from there. I love you.\nL."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'formal portrait of Dandy<br/>7 ix 1951<br/>Dearest dearest
      Sylvia,<br/>I sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sound-ed so
      unhappy. I wondered if the yellow envelope would worry you but in this case
      I thought it might remind you that you are not forgotten by me: it is only very
      reluctantly that I am away from you for any time at all. I want, I want so much
      to live with you, live with you all the time. Please do not be afraid of depending
      on me - I am glad that you should, for I depend on you and adore you. You say
      ''love me if you can'': oh darling how can I do anything else. I could not stop
      loving you - I never have stopped. I love you. <br/>The Woods are behaving very
      foolishly and thoughtlessly at the moment but you must try and see it with detachment:
      Tiny''s concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does with M''s departure,
      worries you more than it otherwise would, I am cer-tain. Despite occasional
      patches to the contrary the Woods love you very much, as you know really. You
      are not really insecure. Memories of being insecure and without a family are
      roused in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me. (This is not the
      same as a family but friends have asked after you: you are not forgotten by
      Magda, Madelaine, Paul, John. They all feel warmly towards you.)<br/>You are
      so precious to me that I feel with a physical real-ness your unhappiness. I
      need you so much and long to look tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse.
      You are everything that I want to live for, my love.<br/>Desiree seems to be
      flowering, I am glad. Carol will not have such a bad time after all, it seems:
      the Whiloms at Hen-ley will not be strange to her. The other female adolescent
      sounds less and less attractive the more I hear: I do hope that, even if she
      spends a fair amount of time at Pett, you may be with me much of the time at
      Blackheath, instead. (Perhaps you can discreetly give Desiree my kind regards,
      or something of that sort, for I do wish her well.)<br/>All this fuss so that
      Mrs Mountain can go home and die makes me believe that (as I suspected from
      her name) she is an ele-phant. By the way, McHale wrote an image (amended a
      little bit by Paul) which you can tell Trumpet if you think she would like it.
      Lion thinks it amusing. ''Tiny elephants in a state of exhaustion leaning against
      petrol pumps''.<br/>What good news about the Cricket Field: it certainly sounds
      to me that it is progressing well, even though you were so sad one day when
      at work. Do not be sad, my dearest love. I adore you and will make you laugh
      when we meet next, I promise.<br/>This address in Cambridge is where I''ll be
      one or two nights:<br/>          c/o Mr Patrick Thoms,<br/>          The Bell
      House,<br/>           Little Wilbraham.<br/>(I don''t know the county. Can you
      look it up? The Post Of-fice could probably say.) <br/>            I love you
      I love you<br/>                               Lawrence<br/>P.S. Ipswich tomorrow.
      I''ll write from there. I love you.<br/>L.'
    charcount: 2924
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d116f35c-8adf-4de7-b1de-ab30de5ae920.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9900534
    median_ratio: 0.9904328
    max_ratio: 0.9922657
    min_ratio: 0.9850476
    total_ratio: 4.9502668
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0367117
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0361312
    max_dissimilarity: 0.054505
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0169109
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 68289452
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751555
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5037126e+09
    started_on: 1.503712e+09
    ended_on: 1.5037126e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9000.87.2) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/56.0.2924.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f10_006.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025172e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038789e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5037056e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 581.2910001
    minutes_annotating: 9.6881833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9000.87.2) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/56.0.2924.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '56'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9000'
    os.minor: '87'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2924'
    os.patch: '2'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      found portrait of Dandy

      7 ix 1951

      Dearest dearest Sylvia,

      I sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sound-
      ed so unhappy.  I wondered if the yellow envelope would worry
      you but in this case I thought it might remind you that you
      are not forgotten by me:  it is only very reluctantly that I
      am away from you for any time at all.  I want, I want so much
      to live with you, live with you all the time.  Please do not
      be afraid of depending on me--I am glad that you should, for
      I depend on you and adore you.  You say 'love me if you can':
      oh darling how can I do anything else.  I could not stop
      loving you--I never have stopped.  I love you.

      The Woods are behaving very foolishly and thoughtlessly at
      the moment but you must try and see it with detachment:  Tiny's
      concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does iwth M's
      departure, worries you more than it otherwise would, I am cer-
      tain.  Despite occasional patches to the contrary the Woods
      love you very much, as you know really.  You are not really
      insecure.  Memories of being insecure and without a faily
      are roused in you but in fact you have the woods as well as me.
      (This is not the same as a family but friends have asked after
      you:  you are not forgotten by Magda, Madeleine, Paul, John.
      They all feel warmly towards you.)

      You are so precious to me that I feel with a physical real-
      ness your unhappiness.  I need you so much and long to look
      tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse.  You are everything
      that I want to live for, my love.

      Desiree seems to be flowering, I am glad.  Carol will not
      have such a bad time after all, it seems:  the Whiloms at Hen-
      ley will not be strange to her.  The other female adolescent
      sounds less and less attractive the more I hear:  I do hope
      that, even if she spends a fair amount of time at Pett, you
      may be with me much of the time at Blackheath, instead.
      (Perhaps you can discreetly give Desiree my kind regards, or
      something of that sort, for I do wish her well.)

      All this fuss so that Mrs. Mountain can go home and die makes
      me believe that (as I suspected from her name) she is an ele-
      phant.  by the way, McHale wrote an image (amended a little
      bit by Paul) which you can tell Trumpet if you think she would
      like it.  Lion thinks it amusing!  'Tiny elephants in a state
      of exhaustion leaning against petrol pumps'.

      What good news about the Cricket Field:  it certainly sounds
      to me that it is progressly well, even though you were so sad
      one day when at work.  Do not be sad, my dearest love.  I
      adore you and will make you laught when we meet next, I promise.

      This address in Cambridge is where I"ll be one or two nights:
      c/o Mr. Patrick Thoms,
      The Bell House,
      Little Wilbraham.
      (I don't know the county.  Can you look it up?  The Post Of-
      fice could probably say.)
      I love you I love you
      Lawrence
      P.S.  Ipswich tomorrow.  I'll write from there.  I love you.
      L.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'found portrait of Dandy<br/><br/>7 ix 1951<br/><br/>Dearest
      dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter
      sound-<br/>ed so unhappy.  I wondered if the yellow envelope would worry<br/>you
      but in this case I thought it might remind you that you<br/>are not forgotten
      by me:  it is only very reluctantly that I<br/>am away from you for any time
      at all.  I want, I want so much<br/>to live with you, live with you all the
      time.  Please do not<br/>be afraid of depending on me--I am glad that you should,
      for<br/>I depend on you and adore you.  You say ''love me if you can'':<br/>oh
      darling how can I do anything else.  I could not stop<br/>loving you--I never
      have stopped.  I love you.<br/><br/>The Woods are behaving very foolishly and
      thoughtlessly at<br/>the moment but you must try and see it with detachment:  Tiny''s<br/>concentration
      on the Mountains, coming as it does iwth M''s<br/>departure, worries you more
      than it otherwise would, I am cer-<br/>tain.  Despite occasional patches to
      the contrary the Woods<br/>love you very much, as you know really.  You are
      not really<br/>insecure.  Memories of being insecure and without a faily<br/>are
      roused in you but in fact you have the woods as well as me.<br/>(This is not
      the same as a family but friends have asked after<br/>you:  you are not forgotten
      by Magda, Madeleine, Paul, John.<br/>They all feel warmly towards you.)<br/><br/>You
      are so precious to me that I feel with a physical real-<br/>ness your unhappiness.  I
      need you so much and long to look<br/>tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse.  You
      are everything<br/>that I want to live for, my love.<br/><br/>Desiree seems
      to be flowering, I am glad.  Carol will not<br/>have such a bad time after all,
      it seems:  the Whiloms at Hen-<br/>ley will not be strange to her.  The other
      female adolescent<br/>sounds less and less attractive the more I hear:  I do
      hope<br/>that, even if she spends a fair amount of time at Pett, you<br/>may
      be with me much of the time at Blackheath, instead.<br/>(Perhaps you can discreetly
      give Desiree my kind regards, or<br/>something of that sort, for I do wish her
      well.)<br/><br/>All this fuss so that Mrs. Mountain can go home and die makes<br/>me
      believe that (as I suspected from her name) she is an ele-<br/>phant.  by the
      way, McHale wrote an image (amended a little<br/>bit by Paul) which you can
      tell Trumpet if you think she would<br/>like it.  Lion thinks it amusing!  ''Tiny
      elephants in a state<br/>of exhaustion leaning against petrol pumps''.<br/><br/>What
      good news about the Cricket Field:  it certainly sounds<br/>to me that it is
      progressly well, even though you were so sad<br/>one day when at work.  Do not
      be sad, my dearest love.  I<br/>adore you and will make you laught when we meet
      next, I promise.<br/><br/>This address in Cambridge is where I"ll be one or
      two nights:<br/>c/o Mr. Patrick Thoms,<br/>The Bell House,<br/>Little Wilbraham.<br/>(I
      don''t know the county.  Can you look it up?  The Post Of-<br/>fice could probably
      say.)<br/>I love you I love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>P.S.  Ipswich tomorrow.  I''ll
      write from there.  I love you.<br/>L.'
    charcount: 2890
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d116f35c-8adf-4de7-b1de-ab30de5ae920.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9875834
    median_ratio: 0.9883775
    max_ratio: 0.9917995
    min_ratio: 0.9827821
    total_ratio: 4.9379171
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0367117
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0361312
    max_dissimilarity: 0.054505
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0169109
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 68318008
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751555
    user_name: xuelee
    created_at: 1.5037534e+09
    started_on: 1.5037506e+09
    ended_on: 1.5037534e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:52.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/52.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f10_006.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025172e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038789e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5037056e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2841.73
    minutes_annotating: 47.3621667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:52.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/52.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '52'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows Vista
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "formal portrait of Dandy\n\n7  ix 1951 \nDearest, dearest Sylvia,\nI
      sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sound-ed so unhappy. I wondered
      if the yellow envelope would worry you but in this case I thought it might remind
      you that you are not forgotten by me: it is only very reluctantly that I am
      away from you for any time at all. I want, I want so much to live with you ,
      live with you all the time. Please do not be afraid of depending on me - I am
      glad that you should, for I depend on you and adore you. You say \"love me if
      you can\": oh darling how can I do anything else. I could not stop loving you
      - I never have stopped. I love you. \nThe Woods are behaving very foolishly
      and thoughtlessly at the moment but you must try and see it with detachment:
      Tiny's concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does with M's departure,
      worries you more than it otherwise would, I am cer-tain. Despite occasional
      patches to the contrary the Woods love you very much, as you know really. You
      are not really insecure. Memories of being insecure and without a family are
      roused in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me. (This is not the
      same as a family but friends have asked after you: you are not forgotten by
      Magda, Madeline, Paul, John. They all feel warmly towards you.) \nYou are so
      precious to me that I feel with a physical real-ness your unhappiness. I need
      you so much and long to look tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse. You
      are everything that I want to live for, my love. \nDesirée seems to be flowering,
      I am glad. Carol will not have such a bad time after all, it seems: the Whiloms
      at Hen-ley will not be strange to her. The other female adolescent sounds less
      and less attractive the more I hear: I do hope that, even if she spends a fair
      amount of the time in Pett, you may be with me much of the time at Blackheath,
      instead. (Perhaps you can discreetly give Desirée my kind regards, or something
      of that sort, for I do wish her well.) \nAll this fuss so that Mrs Mountain
      can go home and die makes me believe that (as I suspected from her name) she
      is an ele-phant. By the way, McHale wrote an image (amended a little bit by
      Paul) which you can tell Trumpet if you think she would like it. Lion thinks
      it amusing: \"Tiny elephants in a state of exhaustion leaning against petrol
      pumps\". \nWhat good news about the Cricket Field: it certainly sounds to me
      that it is progressly well, even though you were so sad one day when at work.
      Do not be sad, my dearest love. I adore you and will make you laugh when we
      meet next, I promise. \nThis address in Cambridge is wher I'll be one or two
      nights:\nc/o Mr Patrik Thoms, \nThe Bell House, \nLittle Wilbraham. \n(I don't
      know the county. Can you look it up? The post Of-fice could probably say.)\nI
      love you I love you \nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'formal portrait of Dandy<br/><br/>7  ix 1951 <br/>Dearest,
      dearest Sylvia,<br/>I sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sound-ed
      so unhappy. I wondered if the yellow envelope would worry you but in this case
      I thought it might remind you that you are not forgotten by me: it is only very
      reluctantly that I am away from you for any time at all. I want, I want so much
      to live with you , live with you all the time. Please do not be afraid of depending
      on me - I am glad that you should, for I depend on you and adore you. You say
      "love me if you can": oh darling how can I do anything else. I could not stop
      loving you - I never have stopped. I love you. <br/>The Woods are behaving very
      foolishly and thoughtlessly at the moment but you must try and see it with detachment:
      Tiny''s concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does with M''s departure,
      worries you more than it otherwise would, I am cer-tain. Despite occasional
      patches to the contrary the Woods love you very much, as you know really. You
      are not really insecure. Memories of being insecure and without a family are
      roused in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me. (This is not the
      same as a family but friends have asked after you: you are not forgotten by
      Magda, Madeline, Paul, John. They all feel warmly towards you.) <br/>You are
      so precious to me that I feel with a physical real-ness your unhappiness. I
      need you so much and long to look tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse.
      You are everything that I want to live for, my love. <br/>Desir''ee seems to
      be flowering, I am glad. Carol will not have such a bad time after all, it seems:
      the Whiloms at Hen-ley will not be strange to her. The other female adolescent
      sounds less and less attractive the more I hear: I do hope that, even if she
      spends a fair amount of the time in Pett, you may be with me much of the time
      at Blackheath, instead. (Perhaps you can discreetly give Desir''ee my kind regards,
      or something of that sort, for I do wish her well.) <br/>All this fuss so that
      Mrs Mountain can go home and die makes me believe that (as I suspected from
      her name) she is an ele-phant. By the way, McHale wrote an image (amended a
      little bit by Paul) which you can tell Trumpet if you think she would like it.
      Lion thinks it amusing: "Tiny elephants in a state of exhaustion leaning against
      petrol pumps". <br/>What good news about the Cricket Field: it certainly sounds
      to me that it is progressly well, even though you were so sad one day when at
      work. Do not be sad, my dearest love. I adore you and will make you laugh when
      we meet next, I promise. <br/>This address in Cambridge is wher I''ll be one
      or two nights:<br/>c/o Mr Patrik Thoms, <br/>The Bell House, <br/>Little Wilbraham.
      <br/>(I don''t know the county. Can you look it up? The post Of-fice could probably
      say.)<br/>I love you I love you <br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2804
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d116f35c-8adf-4de7-b1de-ab30de5ae920.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9715206
    median_ratio: 0.9717282
    max_ratio: 0.9767654
    min_ratio: 0.9660172
    total_ratio: 4.857603
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0367117
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0361312
    max_dissimilarity: 0.054505
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0169109
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 68438941
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751555
    user_name: OldWoodchuck
    created_at: 1.5038789e+09
    started_on: 1.5038776e+09
    ended_on: 1.5038789e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f10_006.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025172e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038789e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5038784e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1314.3050003
    minutes_annotating: 21.9050833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Journal portrait of Dandy\n\n7 ix 1951\n\nDearest dearest Sylvia.\nI
      sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sounded so unhappy. I wondered
      if the yellow envelope would worry you but in this case I thought it might remind
      you that you are not forgotten by me: it is only very reluctantly that I am
      away from you for any time at all. I want, I want so much to live with you,
      live with you all the time. Please do not be afraid of depending on me - I am
      glad that you should, for I depend on you and adore you. You say 'love me if
      you can': oh darling how can I do anything else. I could not stop loving you
      - never have stopped. I love you.\n\nThe Woods are behaving very foolishly and
      thoughtlessly at the moment but you must try and see it with detachment: Tiny's
      concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does with M's departure, worries
      you more than it otherwise would, I am certain. Despite occasional patches to
      the contrary, the Woods love you very much, as you know really. You are not
      really insecure. Memories of being insecure and without a family are roused
      in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me. (This is not the same as
      a family but friends have asked after you: you are not forgotten by Magda, Madeleine,
      Paul and John. They all feel warmly towards you.)\n\nYou are so precious to
      me that I feel with a physical realness your unhappiness. I need you so much
      and long to look tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse. You are everything
      that I want to live for my love.\n\nDesiree seems to be flowering, I am glad.
      Carol will not have such a bad time after all, it seems: the Whiloms at Henley
      will not be strange to her. The other female adolescent sounds less and less
      attractive the more I hear: I do hope that, even if she spends a fair amount
      of time at Pett, you may be with me much of the time at Blackheath, instead.
      \ (Perhaps you can discreetly give Desiree my kind regards, or something of
      that sort, for I do wish her well.)\n\nAll this fuss so that Mrs Mountain can
      go home and die makes me believe that (as I suspected from her name) she is
      an elephant. By the way, McHale wrote an image (amended a little bit by Paul)
      which you can tell Trumpet if you think she would like it. Lion thinks it amusing.
      'Tiny elephants in a state of exhaustion leaning against petrol pumps'.\n\nWhat
      good news about the Cricket Field: it certainly sounds to me that it is progressing
      well, even though you were so sad one day when at work. Do not be sad, my dearest
      love. I adore you and will make you laugh when we meet next, I promise.\n\nThis
      addressin Cambridge is where I'll be one or two nights:\nc/o Mr Patrick Thoms,\nThe
      Bell House,\nLittle Wilbraham.\n(I don't know the county. Can you look it up?
      The Post Office could probably say.)\n\nI love you I love you \nLawrence\n\nP.S.
      Ipswich tomorrow. I'll write from there. I love you. L."
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Journal portrait of Dandy<br/><br/>7 ix 1951<br/><br/>Dearest
      dearest Sylvia.<br/>I sent you a telegram yesterday because your letter sounded
      so unhappy. I wondered if the yellow envelope would worry you but in this case
      I thought it might remind you that you are not forgotten by me: it is only very
      reluctantly that I am away from you for any time at all. I want, I want so much
      to live with you, live with you all the time. Please do not be afraid of depending
      on me - I am glad that you should, for I depend on you and adore you. You say
      ''love me if you can'': oh darling how can I do anything else. I could not stop
      loving you - never have stopped. I love you.<br/><br/>The Woods are behaving
      very foolishly and thoughtlessly at the moment but you must try and see it with
      detachment: Tiny''s concentration on the Mountains, coming as it does with M''s
      departure, worries you more than it otherwise would, I am certain. Despite occasional
      patches to the contrary, the Woods love you very much, as you know really. You
      are not really insecure. Memories of being insecure and without a family are
      roused in you but in fact you have the Woods as well as me. (This is not the
      same as a family but friends have asked after you: you are not forgotten by
      Magda, Madeleine, Paul and John. They all feel warmly towards you.)<br/><br/>You
      are so precious to me that I feel with a physical realness your unhappiness.
      I need you so much and long to look tenderly after my cat, my beauty, my muse.
      You are everything that I want to live for my love.<br/><br/>Desiree seems to
      be flowering, I am glad. Carol will not have such a bad time after all, it seems:
      the Whiloms at Henley will not be strange to her. The other female adolescent
      sounds less and less attractive the more I hear: I do hope that, even if she
      spends a fair amount of time at Pett, you may be with me much of the time at
      Blackheath, instead.  (Perhaps you can discreetly give Desiree my kind regards,
      or something of that sort, for I do wish her well.)<br/><br/>All this fuss so
      that Mrs Mountain can go home and die makes me believe that (as I suspected
      from her name) she is an elephant. By the way, McHale wrote an image (amended
      a little bit by Paul) which you can tell Trumpet if you think she would like
      it. Lion thinks it amusing. ''Tiny elephants in a state of exhaustion leaning
      against petrol pumps''.<br/><br/>What good news about the Cricket Field: it
      certainly sounds to me that it is progressing well, even though you were so
      sad one day when at work. Do not be sad, my dearest love. I adore you and will
      make you laugh when we meet next, I promise.<br/><br/>This addressin Cambridge
      is where I''ll be one or two nights:<br/>c/o Mr Patrick Thoms,<br/>The Bell
      House,<br/>Little Wilbraham.<br/>(I don''t know the county. Can you look it
      up? The Post Office could probably say.)<br/><br/>I love you I love you <br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>P.S.
      Ipswich tomorrow. I''ll write from there. I love you. L.'
    charcount: 2855
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d116f35c-8adf-4de7-b1de-ab30de5ae920.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9884878
    median_ratio: 0.9881549
    max_ratio: 0.9940774
    min_ratio: 0.9827821
    total_ratio: 4.9424391
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0367117
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0361312
    max_dissimilarity: 0.054505
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0169109
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f10_006.jpg

---
