---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f08_014
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 71704151
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908171
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5063108e+09
    started_on: 1.5063096e+09
    ended_on: 1.5063108e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f08_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063108e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.507661e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5062976e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1281.9699998
    minutes_annotating: 21.3661667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      10 August Blackheath Dearest Sylvia
      Pasmore admired your Ajax & The Past and particulary mentioned
      the rhythmic quality of your form. He asked for your name and
      failing to catch what I said asked a second time, obviously miss-
      ing to be sure of knowing the artist's name. (The portrait of Hetty
      was not on view, by the way, as it is the centre peice of a lion exh.
      at 100's of Lions).

      We talked about art matters generally and in
      particular of the Tate Gal. exh. He thought Malenich's White On White
      the most abstract picture in the show - 'a thing-in-its-own-right'; the
      mandrians, however, he thinks use color symbolically and so are
      [unclear][/unclear] concrete. Melenich's square is dictated by the canvas whereas
      M's [unclear][/unclear] disrupts the given quality of the material.

      I gave him china tea, cucumber sandwiches (into which he can be
      said to have tucked), & choc. buscuits. He invited me to 'drop
      in after supper' on Thursday which I accepted. He is going to
      send me a book by C. Beiderman called Art As The Evolution of
      Visual Knowledge. It deals with ideas of art in which P
      is interested and as I think I shall use my opportunity to write
      about Pasmore (he favours the idea) I need to know this book.
      Beiderman is messianic but probably, talented.

      Tomorrow Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly:
      Rousseau's Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme); Derain
      (would-be monumentality & vaine primitivism); Clogall (public
      theme is near monumental terms); Lam (jungle, the 'real thing');
      Leger (monumental & popular, like Rausseam); Picasso's (monu-
      mental & private) Artist & Model. On the theme of large works
      I can cover some of the works so far omitted.

      Pasmore and I went for a walk after tea before he returned
      home and I feel pleasantly fresh after strolling on the heath.
      It is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omlette for
      lunch, close on the heels of an 11:00 breakfast, & tea is discussed
      above: for dinner I shall have a kind of meat, potatoes,
      then pears and bananas, and milk. I propose to go to bed
      early so I can get up early and be at the T.G. by 10:00 (or my
      lecture is 12:00). More tomorrow, my love.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: '10 August Blackheath Dearest Sylvia<br/>Pasmore admired
      your Ajax & The Past and particulary mentioned<br/>the rhythmic quality of your
      form. He asked for your name and<br/>failing to catch what I said asked a second
      time, obviously miss-<br/>ing to be sure of knowing the artist''s name. (The
      portrait of Hetty<br/>was not on view, by the way, as it is the centre peice
      of a lion exh.<br/>at 100''s of Lions).<br/><br/>We talked about art matters
      generally and in<br/>particular of the Tate Gal. exh. He thought Malenich''s
      White On White<br/>the most abstract picture in the show - ''a thing-in-its-own-right'';
      the<br/>mandrians, however, he thinks use color symbolically and so are<br/>
      concrete. Melenich''s square is dictated by the canvas whereas<br/>M''s  disrupts
      the given quality of the material.<br/><br/>I gave him china tea, cucumber sandwiches
      (into which he can be<br/>said to have tucked), & choc. buscuits. He invited
      me to ''drop<br/>in after supper'' on Thursday which I accepted. He is going
      to<br/>send me a book by C. Beiderman called Art As The Evolution of<br/>Visual
      Knowledge. It deals with ideas of art in which P<br/>is interested and as I
      think I shall use my opportunity to write<br/>about Pasmore (he favours the
      idea) I need to know this book.<br/>Beiderman is messianic but probably, talented.<br/><br/>Tomorrow
      Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly:<br/>Rousseau''s Dream (monumental;
      and primitivism of theme); Derain<br/>(would-be monumentality & vaine primitivism);
      Clogall (public<br/>theme is near monumental terms); Lam (jungle, the ''real
      thing'');<br/>Leger (monumental & popular, like Rausseam); Picasso''s (monu-<br/>mental
      & private) Artist & Model. On the theme of large works<br/>I can cover some
      of the works so far omitted.<br/><br/>Pasmore and I went for a walk after tea
      before he returned<br/>home and I feel pleasantly fresh after strolling on the
      heath.<br/>It is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omlette for<br/>lunch,
      close on the heels of an 11:00 breakfast, & tea is discussed<br/>above: for
      dinner I shall have a kind of meat, potatoes,<br/>then pears and bananas, and
      milk. I propose to go to bed<br/>early so I can get up early and be at the T.G.
      by 10:00 (or my<br/>lecture is 12:00). More tomorrow, my love.<br/>'
    charcount: 2116
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/6383b8e6-f4a3-499c-b3e2-f92fb95b06d7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9241131
    median_ratio: 0.9260843
    max_ratio: 0.9316239
    min_ratio: 0.9071602
    total_ratio: 4.6205654
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1215732
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1243132
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1872932
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0457797
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72585590
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908171
    user_name: dvmoonbird
    created_at: 1.5069051e+09
    started_on: 1.5069039e+09
    ended_on: 1.5069051e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f08_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063108e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.507661e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5069024e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1224.3629999
    minutes_annotating: 20.40605
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      10 August
      Dearest Sylvia

      Pacmore admired your Ajax in the Past and particularly mentioned the rhythmic quality of your form. He asked for your name and failing to catch what I said asked a second time, obviously wishing to be sure of learning the artist's name. (The portrait of Hetty was not on view, by the way, as it is the centre piece of a loan exh. at 100% of Lions)

      We talked about art matters generally and in particular of the Tate Gal. Exh. He thought Malenich's White on White the most abstract picture in the show - 'a thing-in-its-own-right'; the madisons, however, he thinks use color symbolically and so are less concrete. Malevich's square is dictated by the canvas whereas M's lozenge dissrupts the given quality of the material.

      I gave him china tea, cucumber sandwiches (into which he can be said to love [unclear]tuches[/unclear]), & choc. biscuits. He invited me to 'drop in after supper' on Thursday which I accepted. He is going to send me a book by C. Beiderman called Art As The Evaluation of Visual Knowledge. It deals with ideas of art in which P is interested and as I think I shall use my opportunity to write about Pasmore (he favours the idea) I need to know this book. Beiderman is messianic but, probably, talented.

      Tomorrow Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly: Rousseau's Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme);  Derain (would-be monumentality to Rains primitivism); Chagall (public theme in near monumental terms); Iam (jungle, the "real thing'); Leger (monumental or popular, like Laurreau); Picasso's (monumental to private) Artist & Model. On the theme of large works I can cover some of the works so far omitted.

      Pasmore and I went for a walk after ten before he returned home and I feel pleasantly fresh after strolling on the heath. It is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omelette for lunch, close on the heels of an 11.00 breakfast, & tea is discussed above: for dinner I shall have a tin of meat, potatoes; then pears and bananas; and milk. I propose to go to bed early so I can get up early and be at the t.G. by 10.00 (as my lecture is at 12.00). More tomorrow, my love.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>10 August<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/><br/>Pacmore
      admired your Ajax in the Past and particularly mentioned the rhythmic quality
      of your form. He asked for your name and failing to catch what I said asked
      a second time, obviously wishing to be sure of learning the artist''s name.
      (The portrait of Hetty was not on view, by the way, as it is the centre piece
      of a loan exh. at 100% of Lions)<br/><br/>We talked about art matters generally
      and in particular of the Tate Gal. Exh. He thought Malenich''s White on White
      the most abstract picture in the show - ''a thing-in-its-own-right''; the madisons,
      however, he thinks use color symbolically and so are less concrete. Malevich''s
      square is dictated by the canvas whereas M''s lozenge dissrupts the given quality
      of the material.<br/><br/>I gave him china tea, cucumber sandwiches (into which
      he can be said to love tuches), & choc. biscuits. He invited me to ''drop in
      after supper'' on Thursday which I accepted. He is going to send me a book by
      C. Beiderman called Art As The Evaluation of Visual Knowledge. It deals with
      ideas of art in which P is interested and as I think I shall use my opportunity
      to write about Pasmore (he favours the idea) I need to know this book. Beiderman
      is messianic but, probably, talented.<br/><br/>Tomorrow Monday my lecture will
      go like this, roughly: Rousseau''s Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme);  Derain
      (would-be monumentality to Rains primitivism); Chagall (public theme in near
      monumental terms); Iam (jungle, the "real thing''); Leger (monumental or popular,
      like Laurreau); Picasso''s (monumental to private) Artist & Model. On the theme
      of large works I can cover some of the works so far omitted.<br/><br/>Pasmore
      and I went for a walk after ten before he returned home and I feel pleasantly
      fresh after strolling on the heath. It is time for dinner, very nearly. I had
      an omelette for lunch, close on the heels of an 11.00 breakfast, & tea is discussed
      above: for dinner I shall have a tin of meat, potatoes; then pears and bananas;
      and milk. I propose to go to bed early so I can get up early and be at the t.G.
      by 10.00 (as my lecture is at 12.00). More tomorrow, my love.'
    charcount: 2133
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/6383b8e6-f4a3-499c-b3e2-f92fb95b06d7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9401284
    median_ratio: 0.9456654
    max_ratio: 0.9547124
    min_ratio: 0.9193846
    total_ratio: 4.7006421
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1215732
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1243132
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1872932
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0457797
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 73090814
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908171
    user_name: tmeconverse
    created_at: 1.5071946e+09
    started_on: 1.5071933e+09
    ended_on: 1.5071946e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f08_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063108e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.507661e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5071616e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1385.681
    minutes_annotating: 23.0946833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n10 August\n\nDearest Sylvia\n   Pasmore admired
      your Ajax in The Past and particularly mentioned \nthe rhythmic quality of your
      form.  He asked for your name and \nfailing to catch what I said asked a second
      time, obviously wish-\ning to be sure of knowing the artist's name.  (The portrait
      of Hetty \nwas not on view, by the way, as it is the centrepiece of a loan exh.
      \nat 100s of Lions.)\n   We talked about art matters generally and in \nparticular
      of the Tate Gal. exh.  He thought Malevich's White On White \nthe most abstract
      picture in the show - 'a thing-in-its-own-right'; the \nMandrians, however,
      he thinks are color symbolically and so are \nless concrete.  Malevich's square
      is dictated by the canvas whereas \nM's lozenge disrupts the given quality of
      the material.\n   I gave him china tea, cucumber sandwiches (into which he can
      be said to have tucked), & choc. biscuits.  He invited me to 'drop \nin after
      supper' on Thursday which I accepted.  He is going to \nlend me a book by C.
      Biederman called Art As The Evolution of \nVisual Knowledge.  It deals with
      ideas of art in which P \nis interested and as I think I shall use my opportunity
      to write \nabout Pasmore (he favours the idea) I need to know this book.  \nBiederman
      is messianic but, probably, talented.\n   Tomorrow Monday my lecture will go
      like this, roughly:  \nRousseau's Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme);
      Derain \n(would-be monumentalist & naive primitivism); Chagall (public \ntheme
      in near monumental terms); Lam (Jungle, the 'real thing'); \nLeges (monumental
      & popular, like Rousseau); Picasso; (monu-\nmental & private) Artist & Model.
      \ On the theme of large works \nI can cover some of the works so far omitted.\n
      \  Pasmore and I went for a walk after tea before he returned \nhome and I feel
      pleasantly fresh after strolling on the Heath.  \nIt is time for dinner, very
      nearly.  I had an omelette for \nlunch, close on the heels of an 11.00 breakfast,
      & tea is discussed \nabove:  for dinner I shall have a tin of meat, potatoes;
      \nthen pears and bananas; and milk.  I propose to go to bed \nearly so I can
      get up early and be at the T.G. by 10.00 (as my \nlecture is 12.00).  More tomorrow,
      my love."
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>10 August<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>   Pasmore
      admired your Ajax in The Past and particularly mentioned <br/>the rhythmic quality
      of your form.  He asked for your name and <br/>failing to catch what I said
      asked a second time, obviously wish-<br/>ing to be sure of knowing the artist''s
      name.  (The portrait of Hetty <br/>was not on view, by the way, as it is the
      centrepiece of a loan exh. <br/>at 100s of Lions.)<br/>   We talked about art
      matters generally and in <br/>particular of the Tate Gal. exh.  He thought Malevich''s
      White On White <br/>the most abstract picture in the show - ''a thing-in-its-own-right'';
      the <br/>Mandrians, however, he thinks are color symbolically and so are <br/>less
      concrete.  Malevich''s square is dictated by the canvas whereas <br/>M''s lozenge
      disrupts the given quality of the material.<br/>   I gave him china tea, cucumber
      sandwiches (into which he can be said to have tucked), & choc. biscuits.  He
      invited me to ''drop <br/>in after supper'' on Thursday which I accepted.  He
      is going to <br/>lend me a book by C. Biederman called Art As The Evolution
      of <br/>Visual Knowledge.  It deals with ideas of art in which P <br/>is interested
      and as I think I shall use my opportunity to write <br/>about Pasmore (he favours
      the idea) I need to know this book.  <br/>Biederman is messianic but, probably,
      talented.<br/>   Tomorrow Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly:  <br/>Rousseau''s
      Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme); Derain <br/>(would-be monumentalist
      & naive primitivism); Chagall (public <br/>theme in near monumental terms);
      Lam (Jungle, the ''real thing''); <br/>Leges (monumental & popular, like Rousseau);
      Picasso; (monu-<br/>mental & private) Artist & Model.  On the theme of large
      works <br/>I can cover some of the works so far omitted.<br/>   Pasmore and
      I went for a walk after tea before he returned <br/>home and I feel pleasantly
      fresh after strolling on the Heath.  <br/>It is time for dinner, very nearly.  I
      had an omelette for <br/>lunch, close on the heels of an 11.00 breakfast, &
      tea is discussed <br/>above:  for dinner I shall have a tin of meat, potatoes;
      <br/>then pears and bananas; and milk.  I propose to go to bed <br/>early so
      I can get up early and be at the T.G. by 10.00 (as my <br/>lecture is 12.00).  More
      tomorrow, my love.'
    charcount: 2180
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/6383b8e6-f4a3-499c-b3e2-f92fb95b06d7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9534273
    median_ratio: 0.9523519
    max_ratio: 0.9810629
    min_ratio: 0.9372308
    total_ratio: 4.7671367
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1215732
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1243132
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1872932
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0457797
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 73128334
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908171
    user_name: racjohn
    created_at: 1.5072152e+09
    started_on: 1.5072131e+09
    ended_on: 1.5072152e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f08_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063108e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.507661e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5071616e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2149.3139999
    minutes_annotating: 35.8219
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n10 August\nDearest Sylvia\nPasmore admired your
      [unclear]Ajax in the Past[/unclear] and particularly mentioned\nthe rhythmic
      quality of your form. He asked for your name and\nfailing to catch what I said
      asked a second time, obviously wish-\ning to be sure of [unclear]having [/unclear]the
      artists' name. (The portrait of Hetty\nwas not on view, by the way, as it is
      the centre piece of a [unclear]loon exh.[/unclear]\n[unclear]at 100s of lions.)[/unclear]\n\nWe
      talked about art matters generally and in \nparticular of the Tate Gal. Exh.
      He thought Malevich's White on White\nthe most abstract picture in the show
      - 'a thing-in-its-own-right': the\nMondrians, however, he thinks use colour
      symbolically and so are\nless concrete. Malevich's square is dictated by the
      canvas whereas\nM's lozenge disrupts the given quality of the material.\n\nI
      gave him china tea, cucumber sandwiches (into which he can be\nsaid to have
      tucked), & choc. biscuits. He invited me to 'drop\nin after supper' on Thursday
      which I accepted. He is going to\nlend me a book by C. Biederman called Art
      as the Evolution of\nVisual Knowledge. It deals with ideas of art in which P\nis
      interested and as I think I shall use my opportunity to write\nabout Pasmore
      (he favours the idea) I need to know this book.\nBiederman is messianic but,
      probably, talented.\n\nTomorrow Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly:\nRousseau's
      Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme); Derain\n(would-be monumentality
      & naive primitivism); Chagall (public\ntheme in near monumental terms); Lam
      (jungle, the 'real thing'); \nLeger (monumental & popular, like Rousseau); Picasso's
      (monu\nmental & private) Artist & Model. On a theme of large works\nI can cover
      some of the works so far omitted.\n\nPasmore and I went for a walk after tea
      before he returned\nhome and I feel pleasantly fresh after strolling on the
      heath.\nIt is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omelette for\nlunch, close
      on the heels of an 11.00 breakfast, & tea is discussed\nabove: for dinner I
      shall have a tin of meat, potatoes;\nthen pears and bananas; and milk. I propose
      to go to bed\nearly so I can get up early and be at the T.G by 10.00 (as my\nlecture
      is 12.00). More tomorrow, my love."
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 4
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>10 August<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Pasmore
      admired your Ajax in the Past and particularly mentioned<br/>the rhythmic quality
      of your form. He asked for your name and<br/>failing to catch what I said asked
      a second time, obviously wish-<br/>ing to be sure of having the artists'' name.
      (The portrait of Hetty<br/>was not on view, by the way, as it is the centre
      piece of a loon exh.<br/>at 100s of lions.)<br/><br/>We talked about art matters
      generally and in <br/>particular of the Tate Gal. Exh. He thought Malevich''s
      White on White<br/>the most abstract picture in the show - ''a thing-in-its-own-right'':
      the<br/>Mondrians, however, he thinks use colour symbolically and so are<br/>less
      concrete. Malevich''s square is dictated by the canvas whereas<br/>M''s lozenge
      disrupts the given quality of the material.<br/><br/>I gave him china tea, cucumber
      sandwiches (into which he can be<br/>said to have tucked), & choc. biscuits.
      He invited me to ''drop<br/>in after supper'' on Thursday which I accepted.
      He is going to<br/>lend me a book by C. Biederman called Art as the Evolution
      of<br/>Visual Knowledge. It deals with ideas of art in which P<br/>is interested
      and as I think I shall use my opportunity to write<br/>about Pasmore (he favours
      the idea) I need to know this book.<br/>Biederman is messianic but, probably,
      talented.<br/><br/>Tomorrow Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly:<br/>Rousseau''s
      Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme); Derain<br/>(would-be monumentality
      & naive primitivism); Chagall (public<br/>theme in near monumental terms); Lam
      (jungle, the ''real thing''); <br/>Leger (monumental & popular, like Rousseau);
      Picasso''s (monu<br/>mental & private) Artist & Model. On a theme of large works<br/>I
      can cover some of the works so far omitted.<br/><br/>Pasmore and I went for
      a walk after tea before he returned<br/>home and I feel pleasantly fresh after
      strolling on the heath.<br/>It is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omelette
      for<br/>lunch, close on the heels of an 11.00 breakfast, & tea is discussed<br/>above:
      for dinner I shall have a tin of meat, potatoes;<br/>then pears and bananas;
      and milk. I propose to go to bed<br/>early so I can get up early and be at the
      T.G by 10.00 (as my<br/>lecture is 12.00). More tomorrow, my love.'
    charcount: 2126
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/6383b8e6-f4a3-499c-b3e2-f92fb95b06d7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9535488
    median_ratio: 0.9499084
    max_ratio: 0.9798535
    min_ratio: 0.9347692
    total_ratio: 4.7677438
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1215732
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1243132
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1872932
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0457797
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 73773843
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908171
    user_name: ChaoticK
    created_at: 1.5076005e+09
    started_on: 1.507599e+09
    ended_on: 1.5076005e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_9_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f08_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063108e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.507661e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5075936e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1475.5010002
    minutes_annotating: 24.5916833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_9_5) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '9'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      10 August
      Dearest Sylvia
      Parmore admired your Ajax & the Past and particularly mentioned the rhythmic quality of your form. he asked for your name and failing to catch what I said asked a second time, obviously wishing to be sure of having the artist's name. (The portrait of Hertz was not on view, by the way, as it is the centre piece of a loan exh. at 100s of lions.)
      We talked about art matters generally and in particular of the Tate Gal. exh. He though[unclear]t Malevich's[/unclear] White On White the most abstract picture in the show - 'a thing-in-its-own-right'; the Mondrians, however, he thinks use color symbolically and so are less concrete. Malevich's square is dictated by the canvas whereas M's lozenge disrupts the given quality of the material.
      I gave him china tea, cucumber sandwiches (into which he can he said to love [unclear]tuchre[/unclear], & choc. biscuits. He invited me to 'drop in after supper' on Thursday which I accepted. He is going to lend me a book by C. Beiderman called Art as the Evolution of Visual Knowledge. It deals with ideas of art in which P is interested and as I think I shall use my opportunity to write about Pasmore (he favours the idea) I need to know this book. Beiderman is messianic but, probably, talented.
      Tomorrow Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly: Rousseau's Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme); Derain (would be monumentality & rains primitivism); Chagall (public them in near monumental terms); Lam (jungle, the 'real thing'); Leger (monumental & popular, like Rousseau); Picasso's (monu- mental & private) Artist & Model. On the theme of large works I can cover some of the works so far omitted.
      Pasmore and I went for a walk after ten before he returned home and I feel pleasantly fresh after strolling on the heath. It is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omlette for lunch, close on the heels of an 11.00 breakfast, & tea is discussed above: for dinner I shall have a tin of meat, potatoes; then pears and bananas; and milk. I propose to go to bed early so I can get up early and be at the T.G. by 10.00 (as my lecture is 12.00). More tomorrow, my love.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>10 August<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Parmore
      admired your Ajax & the Past and particularly mentioned the rhythmic quality
      of your form. he asked for your name and failing to catch what I said asked
      a second time, obviously wishing to be sure of having the artist''s name. (The
      portrait of Hertz was not on view, by the way, as it is the centre piece of
      a loan exh. at 100s of lions.)<br/>We talked about art matters generally and
      in particular of the Tate Gal. exh. He thought Malevich''s White On White the
      most abstract picture in the show - ''a thing-in-its-own-right''; the Mondrians,
      however, he thinks use color symbolically and so are less concrete. Malevich''s
      square is dictated by the canvas whereas M''s lozenge disrupts the given quality
      of the material.<br/>I gave him china tea, cucumber sandwiches (into which he
      can he said to love tuchre, & choc. biscuits. He invited me to ''drop in after
      supper'' on Thursday which I accepted. He is going to lend me a book by C. Beiderman
      called Art as the Evolution of Visual Knowledge. It deals with ideas of art
      in which P is interested and as I think I shall use my opportunity to write
      about Pasmore (he favours the idea) I need to know this book. Beiderman is messianic
      but, probably, talented.<br/>Tomorrow Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly:
      Rousseau''s Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme); Derain (would be monumentality
      & rains primitivism); Chagall (public them in near monumental terms); Lam (jungle,
      the ''real thing''); Leger (monumental & popular, like Rousseau); Picasso''s
      (monu- mental & private) Artist & Model. On the theme of large works I can cover
      some of the works so far omitted.<br/>Pasmore and I went for a walk after ten
      before he returned home and I feel pleasantly fresh after strolling on the heath.
      It is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omlette for lunch, close on the
      heels of an 11.00 breakfast, & tea is discussed above: for dinner I shall have
      a tin of meat, potatoes; then pears and bananas; and milk. I propose to go to
      bed early so I can get up early and be at the T.G. by 10.00 (as my lecture is
      12.00). More tomorrow, my love.'
    charcount: 2117
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/6383b8e6-f4a3-499c-b3e2-f92fb95b06d7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9463402
    median_ratio: 0.9447816
    max_ratio: 0.9627367
    min_ratio: 0.9286154
    total_ratio: 4.7317011
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1215732
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1243132
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1872932
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0457797
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 73879714
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908171
    user_name: Zooniverse2017
    created_at: 1.507661e+09
    started_on: 1.5076591e+09
    ended_on: 1.507661e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f08_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063108e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.507661e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5075936e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1866.4329998
    minutes_annotating: 31.1072167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n10 August\n\nDearest Sylvia\nPassmore admired your
      Ajax & The Past and particularly mentioned\nthe rhythmic quality of your form.
      He asked for your name and\nfailing to catch what I said asked a second time,
      obviously wish-\ning to be sure of knowing the artist's name. (The portrait
      of Hetty\nwas not on view, by the way, as it is the centre\npiece of a loan
      exh.\nof 100s of Lions.)\nWe talked about art matters generally and in\nparticular
      of the Tate Jul. exh. He thought Malevich's White On White\nthe most abstract
      picture in the show - 'a thing-in-its-own-right'; the\n[unclear]Madrions[/unclear],
      however, he thinks use color symbolically and so are\nless concrete. Malevich's
      square is dictated by the canvas whereas\nM's lozenge disrupts the given quality
      of the material.\nI have him China tea, cucumber sandwiches (into which he can
      be\nsaid to have tucked), & choc. biscuits. He invited me to 'drop\nin after
      supper' on Thursday which I accepted. He is going to\nsend me a book by C. Beiderman
      called Art As The Evolution of\nVisual Knowledge. It deals with ideas of art
      in which P\nis interested and as I think I shall use my opportunity to write\nabout
      Passmore (he favours the idea) I need to know this book.\nBeiderman is messianic
      but, probably, talented.\nTomorrow Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly:\nRousseau's
      Dream (monumental; and primitivism of theme); Derain\n(would-be monumentality
      & naive primitivism); Clogall (public\nthan in near monumental terms); Lam (jungle,
      tho' 'real thing'); \nLegen (monumental & popular, like Rousseau); Picasso's
      (monu-\nmental & private) Artist & Model. On the theme of large works\nI can
      cover some of the works so far omitted.\nPassmore and I went for a walk after
      tea before returned home and I feel pleasantly fresh after strolling on the
      heath. \nIt is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omelette for\nlunch; close
      on the heels of an 11.00 breakfast & tea is discussed\nabove; for dinner I shall
      have a line of meat, potatoes;\nthen pears and bananas; and milk. I propose
      to go to bed\nearly so I can get up early and be at the T.G. by 10.00 (as my\nlecture
      is 12.00). More tomorrow, my love."
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: Blackheath<br/>10 August<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Passmore
      admired your Ajax & The Past and particularly mentioned<br/>the rhythmic quality
      of your form. He asked for your name and<br/>failing to catch what I said asked
      a second time, obviously wish-<br/>ing to be sure of knowing the artist's name.
      (The portrait of Hetty<br/>was not on view, by the way, as it is the centre<br/>piece
      of a loan exh.<br/>of 100s of Lions.)<br/>We talked about art matters generally
      and in<br/>particular of the Tate Jul. exh. He thought Malevich's White On White<br/>the
      most abstract picture in the show - 'a thing-in-its-own-right'; the<br/>Madrions,
      however, he thinks use color symbolically and so are<br/>less concrete. Malevich's
      square is dictated by the canvas whereas<br/>M's lozenge disrupts the given
      quality of the material.<br/>I have him China tea, cucumber sandwiches (into
      which he can be<br/>said to have tucked), & choc. biscuits. He invited me to
      'drop<br/>in after supper' on Thursday which I accepted. He is going to<br/>send
      me a book by C. Beiderman called Art As The Evolution of<br/>Visual Knowledge.
      It deals with ideas of art in which P<br/>is interested and as I think I shall
      use my opportunity to write<br/>about Passmore (he favours the idea) I need
      to know this book.<br/>Beiderman is messianic but, probably, talented.<br/>Tomorrow
      Monday my lecture will go like this, roughly:<br/>Rousseau's Dream (monumental;
      and primitivism of theme); Derain<br/>(would-be monumentality & naive primitivism);
      Clogall (public<br/>than in near monumental terms); Lam (jungle, tho' 'real
      thing'); <br/>Legen (monumental & popular, like Rousseau); Picasso's (monu-<br/>mental
      & private) Artist & Model. On the theme of large works<br/>I can cover some
      of the works so far omitted.<br/>Passmore and I went for a walk after tea before
      returned home and I feel pleasantly fresh after strolling on the heath. <br/>It
      is time for dinner, very nearly. I had an omelette for<br/>lunch; close on the
      heels of an 11.00 breakfast & tea is discussed<br/>above; for dinner I shall
      have a line of meat, potatoes;<br/>then pears and bananas; and milk. I propose
      to go to bed<br/>early so I can get up early and be at the T.G. by 10.00 (as
      my<br/>lecture is 12.00). More tomorrow, my love.
    charcount: 2125
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/6383b8e6-f4a3-499c-b3e2-f92fb95b06d7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9428064
    median_ratio: 0.9449204
    max_ratio: 0.9542125
    min_ratio: 0.9283981
    total_ratio: 4.7140322
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1215732
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1243132
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1872932
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0457797
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f08_014.jpg

---
