---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_024
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65767206
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345160
    user_name: tmeconverse
    created_at: 1.501872e+09
    started_on: 1.501871e+09
    ended_on: 1.501872e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501872e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021421e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 969.5049999
    minutes_annotating: 16.1584167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      [14-ii-50]

      Sunday                 Blackheath

      Dearest Sylvia,

           Alas, my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-ful letter from you, did not provide sufficient cheques for you come here, yet.  Gainsborough has paid me four guineas for my article but that is not enough to make it worth your journeying here.  I will let you know immediately, immediately, when you can come.  How I long for it to be soon.

           I am enchanted by your drawing of Wassily at work:  if only I had had it sooner it would have been lovely to introduce my Artist at Work lecture.  I admire very much the vigour of her pose and her captivating smock.  It is a lovely sketch which makes Dandy very happy and full of smiles. (How well you draw cats.)

           Thursday I went to Norwich:  I saw the cathedral in great detail (it has a marvellous array of bosses, many of them fresh-ly cleaned and painted in the largest cloisters in England so nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion by an Eng-lish artist, some of which is reproduced in Gothic England.   The museum itself interested me very much also, especially the lavish selection of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes.  I have little books about cathedral and pictures to show you when, in the near future, we are able to be together again.

           Friday, as you know I had a lecture and, in the evening, the Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly enjoyed at first, but as it dragged on I became very tired (after my tour) and so became like a Bronzino personage from one O'clock on.

           Saturday I had two lectures which were I think successful and in the evening Charles took me to dinner and the cinema.  (By the way, I saw some Constables in the N.G. basement, back from the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which is glorious.)  We saw Le Beute du Diable, which is, on the whole, a tiresome, though pretty, version of Faust, by Rene Clair.  Decorative but feeble, and full of loose ends as no fable should be.

           Today I am happy to stay in my flat, except for posting this letter, with nothing pressing to do, except rest.  And think of you.  I expect you will have finished your painting now and I am interested to hear of your perfecting of Tiny's portrait.  It must be splendid indeed now.  And the savage's arm?  I am sure that will soon, if it does not already, please you.  I have several of your pictures out, round the room, to soothe and delight me af-ter being separated from your art for nearly a week, an age.  I mean as well as the ones on the walls.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[14-ii-50]<br/><br/>Sunday                 Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia,<br/><br/>     Alas, my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-ful
      letter from you, did not provide sufficient cheques for you come here, yet.  Gainsborough
      has paid me four guineas for my article but that is not enough to make it worth
      your journeying here.  I will let you know immediately, immediately, when you
      can come.  How I long for it to be soon.<br/><br/>     I am enchanted by your
      drawing of Wassily at work:  if only I had had it sooner it would have been
      lovely to introduce my Artist at Work lecture.  I admire very much the vigour
      of her pose and her captivating smock.  It is a lovely sketch which makes Dandy
      very happy and full of smiles. (How well you draw cats.)<br/><br/>     Thursday
      I went to Norwich:  I saw the cathedral in great detail (it has a marvellous
      array of bosses, many of them fresh-ly cleaned and painted in the largest cloisters
      in England so nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion by an Eng-lish
      artist, some of which is reproduced in Gothic England.   The museum itself interested
      me very much also, especially the lavish selection of Cotman and the dozen or
      so Cromes.  I have little books about cathedral and pictures to show you when,
      in the near future, we are able to be together again.<br/><br/>     Friday,
      as you know I had a lecture and, in the evening, the Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon,
      which I mildly enjoyed at first, but as it dragged on I became very tired (after
      my tour) and so became like a Bronzino personage from one O''clock on.<br/><br/>     Saturday
      I had two lectures which were I think successful and in the evening Charles
      took me to dinner and the cinema.  (By the way, I saw some Constables in the
      N.G. basement, back from the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which
      is glorious.)  We saw Le Beute du Diable, which is, on the whole, a tiresome,
      though pretty, version of Faust, by Rene Clair.  Decorative but feeble, and
      full of loose ends as no fable should be.<br/><br/>     Today I am happy to
      stay in my flat, except for posting this letter, with nothing pressing to do,
      except rest.  And think of you.  I expect you will have finished your painting
      now and I am interested to hear of your perfecting of Tiny''s portrait.  It
      must be splendid indeed now.  And the savage''s arm?  I am sure that will soon,
      if it does not already, please you.  I have several of your pictures out, round
      the room, to soothe and delight me af-ter being separated from your art for
      nearly a week, an age.  I mean as well as the ones on the walls.'
    charcount: 2545
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a80dc8e8-8a2e-447c-b813-e186feae1826.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9868378
    median_ratio: 0.9870466
    max_ratio: 0.9917098
    min_ratio: 0.9828877
    total_ratio: 4.9341892
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0379571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0270936
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0738255
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0160891
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65853929
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345160
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5019614e+09
    started_on: 1.5019595e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019614e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501872e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021421e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1924.698
    minutes_annotating: 32.0783
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "[19-11-50]\nSunday Blackheath\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nAlas, my return
      to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-\nful letter from you, did not provide
      sufficient cheque for\nyou to come here, yet.  Gainsborough has paid me four
      guineas\nfor my article, but that is not enough to make it worth your\njourneying
      here.  I will let you know immediately, immediately,\nwhen you can come.  How
      I long for it to be soon.\n\nI am enchanted by your drawing of Wassily at work;
      if only\nI had had it sooner it would have been lovely to introduce my\nArtist
      at Work lecture.  I admire very much the vigour of her\npose and her captivating
      smock.  It is a lovely sketch which\nmakes Dandy very happy and full of smiles.
      \ (How well you\ndraw cats.)\n\nThursday I went to Norwich:  I saw the cathedral
      in great\ndetail (it has a marvellous array of bosses, many of them fresh-\nly
      cleaned and painted in the largest cloisters in England so\nnice and low), including
      the Retable of the Passion by an Eng-\nlish artist, some of which is reproduced
      in Gothic England.\nThe museum itself interested me very much also, especially\nthe
      lavish selection of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes.\nI have little books
      about cathedral and pictures to show you\nwhen, in the near future, we are able
      to be together again.\n\nFriday, as you know, I had a lecture and, in the evening,\nthe
      Anglo-Duch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly enjoyed at \nfirst, but as it
      dragged on I became very tired (after my tour)\nand so became like a Bronzine
      personage from one O'clock on.\n\nSaturday I had two lectures which were I think
      successful\nand in the evening Charles took me to dinner and the cinema.\n(By
      the way, I saw some Constables in the N.G. basement, back\nfrom the Bienalle,
      including the Waterloo Bridge, one which is\nglorious).  We saw Le Beaute du
      Diable, which is, on the whole,\na tiresome, though pretty, version of Faust,
      by Rene Clair.\nDecorative but feeble, and full of loose ends and no fable should\nbe.\n\nToday
      I am happy to stay in my flat, except for posting this\nletter, with nothing
      pressing to do, except rest.  And think of\nyou.  I expect you will have finished
      your painting now and I\nam interested to hear of your perfecting of Tiny's
      portrait.  It\nmust be splended indeed now.  And the savage's arm?  I am sure\nthat
      will soon, if it does not already, please you.  I have several\nof your pictures
      out, round the room, to soothe and delight me af-\nter being separated from
      your art for nearly a week, an age.  I\nmean as well as the ones on the walls.\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[19-11-50]<br/>Sunday Blackheath<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Alas,
      my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-<br/>ful letter from you,
      did not provide sufficient cheque for<br/>you to come here, yet.  Gainsborough
      has paid me four guineas<br/>for my article, but that is not enough to make
      it worth your<br/>journeying here.  I will let you know immediately, immediately,<br/>when
      you can come.  How I long for it to be soon.<br/><br/>I am enchanted by your
      drawing of Wassily at work; if only<br/>I had had it sooner it would have been
      lovely to introduce my<br/>Artist at Work lecture.  I admire very much the vigour
      of her<br/>pose and her captivating smock.  It is a lovely sketch which<br/>makes
      Dandy very happy and full of smiles.  (How well you<br/>draw cats.)<br/><br/>Thursday
      I went to Norwich:  I saw the cathedral in great<br/>detail (it has a marvellous
      array of bosses, many of them fresh-<br/>ly cleaned and painted in the largest
      cloisters in England so<br/>nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion
      by an Eng-<br/>lish artist, some of which is reproduced in Gothic England.<br/>The
      museum itself interested me very much also, especially<br/>the lavish selection
      of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes.<br/>I have little books about cathedral
      and pictures to show you<br/>when, in the near future, we are able to be together
      again.<br/><br/>Friday, as you know, I had a lecture and, in the evening,<br/>the
      Anglo-Duch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly enjoyed at <br/>first, but as
      it dragged on I became very tired (after my tour)<br/>and so became like a Bronzine
      personage from one O''clock on.<br/><br/>Saturday I had two lectures which were
      I think successful<br/>and in the evening Charles took me to dinner and the
      cinema.<br/>(By the way, I saw some Constables in the N.G. basement, back<br/>from
      the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge, one which is<br/>glorious).  We
      saw Le Beaute du Diable, which is, on the whole,<br/>a tiresome, though pretty,
      version of Faust, by Rene Clair.<br/>Decorative but feeble, and full of loose
      ends and no fable should<br/>be.<br/><br/>Today I am happy to stay in my flat,
      except for posting this<br/>letter, with nothing pressing to do, except rest.  And
      think of<br/>you.  I expect you will have finished your painting now and I<br/>am
      interested to hear of your perfecting of Tiny''s portrait.  It<br/>must be splended
      indeed now.  And the savage''s arm?  I am sure<br/>that will soon, if it does
      not already, please you.  I have several<br/>of your pictures out, round the
      room, to soothe and delight me af-<br/>ter being separated from your art for
      nearly a week, an age.  I<br/>mean as well as the ones on the walls.<br/>'
    charcount: 2504
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a80dc8e8-8a2e-447c-b813-e186feae1826.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.985364
    median_ratio: 0.9854772
    max_ratio: 0.9891248
    min_ratio: 0.9796791
    total_ratio: 4.92682
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0379571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0270936
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0738255
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0160891
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65866310
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345160
    user_name: not-logged-in-f034e1d12795fbf0644d
    created_at: 1.5019728e+09
    started_on: 1.5019713e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019727e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501872e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021421e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1493.7289999
    minutes_annotating: 24.8954833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "                                                                                                           [19-11-50]\n
      \       Sunday\n  Dearest Sylvia, \nAlas, my return to Blackheath, though it
      brought a delight-\nful letter from you, did not provide sufficient cheques
      for\nyou to come here, yet. Gainsborough has paid me four guineas\nfor my article
      but that is not enough to make it worth your \njourneying here. I will let you
      know immediately,\nwhen you can come. How I long for it to be soon.\n\n  I am
      enchanted by your drawing of Wassily at work: if only\nI had had it sooner it
      would have been lovely to introduce my\nArtist at Work lecture. I admire very
      much the vigour of her\npose and her captivating smock. It is a lovely sketch
      which\nmakes Dandy very happy and full of smiles. (How well you\ndraw cats.)\n\n
      \  Thursday I went to Norwich: I saw the cathedral in great\ndetail (it has
      a marvellous array of bosses, many of them freshly\ncleaned and painted in the
      largest cloisters in England so\nnice and low), including the Retable of the
      Passion by an Eng-\nlish artist, some of which is reproduced in Gothic England.\nThe
      museum itself interested me very much also, especially\nthe lavish selection
      of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes.\nI have little books about cathedral and
      pictures to show you\nwhen, in the near future, we are able to be together again.\n\n
      \  Friday, as you know I had a lecture and, in the evening,\nthe Anglo-Dutch
      party at Wimbledon, which I mildly enjoyed at\nfirst, but as it dragged on I
      became very tired (after my tour)\nand so became like a Bronzino personage from
      one O'clock on.\n\n     Saturday I had two lectures which were I think successful\nand
      in the evening Charles took me to dinner and the cinema.\n(By the way, I saw
      some Constables in the N.G. basement, back\nfrom the Bienalle, including the
      Waterloo Bridge one which is, on the whole,\nglorious.) We saw Le Beaute du
      Diable, which is, on the whole,\na tiresome, though pritty, version of Faust,
      by Rene Clair.\nDecorative but feeble, and full of loose ends as no fable should\nbe.\n\n
      \   Today I am happy to stay in my flat, except for posting this\nletter, with
      nothing pressing to do, except rest. And thinking of \nyou. I expect you will
      have finished your painting now and I\nam intrested to hear of your perfecting
      of Tiny's portrait. It\nmust be splendid indeed now. And the savage's arm?  I
      am sure\nof your pictures out, round the room, to soothe and elight me af-\nter
      being separated from your art for nearly a week, an age.  I\nmean as well as
      the ones on the walls.\n\n\n\n\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '                                                                                                           [19-11-50]<br/>        Sunday<br/>  Dearest
      Sylvia, <br/>Alas, my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-<br/>ful
      letter from you, did not provide sufficient cheques for<br/>you to come here,
      yet. Gainsborough has paid me four guineas<br/>for my article but that is not
      enough to make it worth your <br/>journeying here. I will let you know immediately,<br/>when
      you can come. How I long for it to be soon.<br/><br/>  I am enchanted by your
      drawing of Wassily at work: if only<br/>I had had it sooner it would have been
      lovely to introduce my<br/>Artist at Work lecture. I admire very much the vigour
      of her<br/>pose and her captivating smock. It is a lovely sketch which<br/>makes
      Dandy very happy and full of smiles. (How well you<br/>draw cats.)<br/><br/>   Thursday
      I went to Norwich: I saw the cathedral in great<br/>detail (it has a marvellous
      array of bosses, many of them freshly<br/>cleaned and painted in the largest
      cloisters in England so<br/>nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion
      by an Eng-<br/>lish artist, some of which is reproduced in Gothic England.<br/>The
      museum itself interested me very much also, especially<br/>the lavish selection
      of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes.<br/>I have little books about cathedral
      and pictures to show you<br/>when, in the near future, we are able to be together
      again.<br/><br/>   Friday, as you know I had a lecture and, in the evening,<br/>the
      Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly enjoyed at<br/>first, but as
      it dragged on I became very tired (after my tour)<br/>and so became like a Bronzino
      personage from one O''clock on.<br/><br/>     Saturday I had two lectures which
      were I think successful<br/>and in the evening Charles took me to dinner and
      the cinema.<br/>(By the way, I saw some Constables in the N.G. basement, back<br/>from
      the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which is, on the whole,<br/>glorious.)
      We saw Le Beaute du Diable, which is, on the whole,<br/>a tiresome, though pritty,
      version of Faust, by Rene Clair.<br/>Decorative but feeble, and full of loose
      ends as no fable should<br/>be.<br/><br/>    Today I am happy to stay in my
      flat, except for posting this<br/>letter, with nothing pressing to do, except
      rest. And thinking of <br/>you. I expect you will have finished your painting
      now and I<br/>am intrested to hear of your perfecting of Tiny''s portrait. It<br/>must
      be splendid indeed now. And the savage''s arm?  I am sure<br/>of your pictures
      out, round the room, to soothe and elight me af-<br/>ter being separated from
      your art for nearly a week, an age.  I<br/>mean as well as the ones on the walls.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2552
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a80dc8e8-8a2e-447c-b813-e186feae1826.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9611356
    median_ratio: 0.9610996
    max_ratio: 0.9642487
    min_ratio: 0.9569948
    total_ratio: 4.805678
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0379571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0270936
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0738255
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0160891
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65898214
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345160
    user_name: Astro_scoutleader
    created_at: 1.5020111e+09
    started_on: 1.5019312e+09
    ended_on: 1.5020111e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501872e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021421e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5019776e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 79945.3570001
    minutes_annotating: 1332.4226167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      [19-11-50]
      Sunday              Blackheath

      Dearest Sylvia
      Alas, my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delightful letter from you, did not provide sufficient cheques for you to come here yet. Gainsborough has paid me four guineas for my article but that is not enough to make it worth your journeying here. I will let you know immediately, immediately, when you can come. How I long for it to be soon.

      I am enchanted by your drawing of Wassily at work: if only I had seen it sooner it would have been lovely to introduce my Artist at Work lecture. I admire very much the vigour of her pose and her captivating smock. It is a lovely sketch which makes Dandy very happy and full of smiles. (How well you draw cats.)

      Thursday I went to Norwich: I saw the cathedral in great detail (it has a marvellous array of bosses, many of them freshly cleaned and painted in the largest cloisters in England, so nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion by an English artist, some of which is reproduced in Gothic England. The museum itself interested me very much also, especially the lavish selection of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes. I have little books about cathedral and pictures to show you when, in the near future, we are able to be together again.

      Friday, as you know, I had a lecture and, in the evening, the Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly enjoyed at first, but as it dragged on I became very tired (after my tour) and so became like a Bronzino personage from one O'clock on.

      Saturday I had two lectures which were I think successful and in the evening Charles took me to dinner and the cinema. (By the way, I saw some Constables in the N.G. basement, back from the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which is glorious.)  We saw Le Beauté du Diable, which is, on the whole, a tiresome, though pretty, version of Faust, by René Clair. Decorative but feeble, and full of loose ends as no fable should be.

      Today I am happy to stay in my flat, except for posting this letter, with nothing pressing to do, except rest. And think of you. I expect you will have finished your painting now and I am interested to hear of you perfecting of Tiny's portrait. It must be splendid indeed now. And the savage's arm?  I am sure that will soon, if it does not already, please you.  I have several of your pictures out, round the room, to soothe and delight me after being separated from you art for nearly a week, an age. I mean as well as the ones on the walls.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[19-11-50]<br/>Sunday              Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia<br/>Alas, my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delightful letter
      from you, did not provide sufficient cheques for you to come here yet. Gainsborough
      has paid me four guineas for my article but that is not enough to make it worth
      your journeying here. I will let you know immediately, immediately, when you
      can come. How I long for it to be soon.<br/><br/>I am enchanted by your drawing
      of Wassily at work: if only I had seen it sooner it would have been lovely to
      introduce my Artist at Work lecture. I admire very much the vigour of her pose
      and her captivating smock. It is a lovely sketch which makes Dandy very happy
      and full of smiles. (How well you draw cats.)<br/><br/>Thursday I went to Norwich:
      I saw the cathedral in great detail (it has a marvellous array of bosses, many
      of them freshly cleaned and painted in the largest cloisters in England, so
      nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion by an English artist, some
      of which is reproduced in Gothic England. The museum itself interested me very
      much also, especially the lavish selection of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes.
      I have little books about cathedral and pictures to show you when, in the near
      future, we are able to be together again.<br/><br/>Friday, as you know, I had
      a lecture and, in the evening, the Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly
      enjoyed at first, but as it dragged on I became very tired (after my tour) and
      so became like a Bronzino personage from one O''clock on.<br/><br/>Saturday
      I had two lectures which were I think successful and in the evening Charles
      took me to dinner and the cinema. (By the way, I saw some Constables in the
      N.G. basement, back from the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which
      is glorious.)  We saw Le Beaut''e du Diable, which is, on the whole, a tiresome,
      though pretty, version of Faust, by Ren''e Clair. Decorative but feeble, and
      full of loose ends as no fable should be.<br/><br/>Today I am happy to stay
      in my flat, except for posting this letter, with nothing pressing to do, except
      rest. And think of you. I expect you will have finished your painting now and
      I am interested to hear of you perfecting of Tiny''s portrait. It must be splendid
      indeed now. And the savage''s arm?  I am sure that will soon, if it does not
      already, please you.  I have several of your pictures out, round the room, to
      soothe and delight me after being separated from you art for nearly a week,
      an age. I mean as well as the ones on the walls.'
    charcount: 2494
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a80dc8e8-8a2e-447c-b813-e186feae1826.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9887109
    median_ratio: 0.9896427
    max_ratio: 0.9932642
    min_ratio: 0.984492
    total_ratio: 4.9435545
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0379571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0270936
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0738255
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0160891
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65961093
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345160
    user_name: jojojlj
    created_at: 1.5020664e+09
    started_on: 1.5020654e+09
    ended_on: 1.5020664e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501872e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021421e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1007.75
    minutes_annotating: 16.7958333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      [19-11-50]
      Sunday
      Blackheath

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Alas, my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-ful letter from you, did not provide sufficient cheques for you to come here, yet. Gainsborough has paid me four guineas for my article but that is not enough to make it worth your journeying here. I will let you know immediately, immediately, when you can come. How I long for it to be soon.

      I am enchanted by your drawing of Wassily at work: if only I had had it sooner it would have been lovely to introduce my Artist at Work lecture. I admire very much the vigour of her pose and her captivating smock. It is a lovely sketch which makes Dandy very happy and full of smiles. (How well you draw cats.)

      Thursday I went to Norwich: I saw the cathedral in great detail (it has a marvellous array of bosses, many of them fresh-ly cleaned and painted in the largest cloisters in England so nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion by an Eng-lish artist, some of which is reproduced in Gothic England. The museum itself interested me very much also, especially the lavish selection of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes. I have little books about cathedral and pictures to show you when, in the near future, we are able to be together again.

      Friday, as you know I had a lecture and, in the evening, the Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly enjoyed at first, but as it dragged on I became very tired (after my tour) and so became like a Bronzino personage from one O'clock on.

      Saturday I had two lectures which were I think successful and in the evening Charles took m to dinner and the cinema. (By the way, I saw some Constables in the N.G. basement, back from the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which is glorious.) We saw Le Beaute du Diable, which is, on the whole, a tiresome, though pretty, version of Faust, by Rene Clair. Decorative but feeble, and full of loose ends as no fable should be.

      Today I am happy to stay in my flat, except for posting this letter, with nothing pressing to do, except rest. And think of you. I expect you will have finished your painting now and I am interested to hear of your perfecting of Tiny's portrait. It must be splendid indeed now. And the savage's arm? I am sure that will soon, if it does not already, please you. I have several of your pictures out, round the room, to soothe and delight me after being separated from your art for nearly a week, an age. I mean as well as the ones on the walls.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[19-11-50]<br/>Sunday<br/>Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Alas,
      my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-ful letter from you, did
      not provide sufficient cheques for you to come here, yet. Gainsborough has paid
      me four guineas for my article but that is not enough to make it worth your
      journeying here. I will let you know immediately, immediately, when you can
      come. How I long for it to be soon.<br/><br/>I am enchanted by your drawing
      of Wassily at work: if only I had had it sooner it would have been lovely to
      introduce my Artist at Work lecture. I admire very much the vigour of her pose
      and her captivating smock. It is a lovely sketch which makes Dandy very happy
      and full of smiles. (How well you draw cats.)<br/><br/>Thursday I went to Norwich:
      I saw the cathedral in great detail (it has a marvellous array of bosses, many
      of them fresh-ly cleaned and painted in the largest cloisters in England so
      nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion by an Eng-lish artist, some
      of which is reproduced in Gothic England. The museum itself interested me very
      much also, especially the lavish selection of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes.
      I have little books about cathedral and pictures to show you when, in the near
      future, we are able to be together again.<br/><br/>Friday, as you know I had
      a lecture and, in the evening, the Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly
      enjoyed at first, but as it dragged on I became very tired (after my tour) and
      so became like a Bronzino personage from one O''clock on.<br/><br/>Saturday
      I had two lectures which were I think successful and in the evening Charles
      took m to dinner and the cinema. (By the way, I saw some Constables in the N.G.
      basement, back from the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which is
      glorious.) We saw Le Beaute du Diable, which is, on the whole, a tiresome, though
      pretty, version of Faust, by Rene Clair. Decorative but feeble, and full of
      loose ends as no fable should be.<br/><br/>Today I am happy to stay in my flat,
      except for posting this letter, with nothing pressing to do, except rest. And
      think of you. I expect you will have finished your painting now and I am interested
      to hear of your perfecting of Tiny''s portrait. It must be splendid indeed now.
      And the savage''s arm? I am sure that will soon, if it does not already, please
      you. I have several of your pictures out, round the room, to soothe and delight
      me after being separated from your art for nearly a week, an age. I mean as
      well as the ones on the walls.'
    charcount: 2480
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a80dc8e8-8a2e-447c-b813-e186feae1826.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9914288
    median_ratio: 0.992228
    max_ratio: 0.9937759
    min_ratio: 0.9882353
    total_ratio: 4.9571442
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0379571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0270936
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0738255
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0160891
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66043672
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345160
    user_name: dguent
    created_at: 1.5021421e+09
    started_on: 1.5021411e+09
    ended_on: 1.502142e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501872e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5021421e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 982.023
    minutes_annotating: 16.36705
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "[19-11-50]\nSunday  Blackheath\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\n  Alas,
      my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-\nful letter from you,
      did not provide sufficient cheques for\nyou to come here, yet.  Gainsborough
      has paid me four guineas\nfor my article but that is not enough to make it worth
      your\njourneying here.  I will let you know immediately, immediately,\nwhen
      you can come.  How I long for it to be soon.\n\n  I am enchanted by your drawing
      of Wassily at work:  if only\nI had had it sooner it would have been lovely
      to introduce my\nArtist at Work lecture.  I admire very much the vigour of her\npose
      and her captivating smock.  It is a lovely sketch which\nmakes Dandy very happy
      and full of smiles.  (How well you\ndraw cats.)\n\n  Thursday I went to Norwich:
      \ I saw the cathedral in great\ndetail (it has a marvellous array of bosses,
      many of them fresh-\nly cleaned and painted in the largest cloisters in England
      so\nnice and low), including the Retable of the Passion by an Eng-\nlish artist,
      some of which is reproduced in Gothic England.\nThe museum itself interested
      me very much also, especially\nthe lavish selection of Cotman and the dozen
      or so Cromes.\nI have little books about cathedral and pictures to show you\nwhen,
      in the near future, we are able to be together again.\n\n  Friday, as you know
      I had a lecture and, in the evening,\nthe Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon, which
      I mildly enjoyed at\nfirst, but as it dragged on I became very tired (after
      my tour)\nand so became like a Bronzine personage from one O'clock on.\n\n  Saturday
      I had two lectures which were I think successful\nand in the evening Charles
      took me to dinner and the cinema.\n(By the way, I saw some Constables in the
      N.G. basement, back\nfrom the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which
      is\nglorious.)  We saw Le Beaute du Diable, which is, on the whole,\na tiresome,
      though pretty, version of Faust, by Rene Clair.\nDecorative but feeble, and
      full of loose ends as no fable should\nbe.\n\n  Today I am happy to stay in
      my flat, except for posting this\nletter, with nothing pressing to do, except
      rest.  And think of\nyou.  I expect you will have finished your painting now
      and I\nam interested to hear of your perfecting of Tiny's portrait.  It\nmust
      be splendid indeed now.  And the savage's arm?  I am sure\nthat will soon, it
      if does not already, please you.  I have several \nof your pictures out, round
      the room, to soothe and delight me af-\nter being separated from your art for
      nearly a week, an age.  I\nmean as well as the ones on the walls."
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[19-11-50]<br/>Sunday  Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>  Alas,
      my return to Blackheath, though it brought a delight-<br/>ful letter from you,
      did not provide sufficient cheques for<br/>you to come here, yet.  Gainsborough
      has paid me four guineas<br/>for my article but that is not enough to make it
      worth your<br/>journeying here.  I will let you know immediately, immediately,<br/>when
      you can come.  How I long for it to be soon.<br/><br/>  I am enchanted by your
      drawing of Wassily at work:  if only<br/>I had had it sooner it would have been
      lovely to introduce my<br/>Artist at Work lecture.  I admire very much the vigour
      of her<br/>pose and her captivating smock.  It is a lovely sketch which<br/>makes
      Dandy very happy and full of smiles.  (How well you<br/>draw cats.)<br/><br/>  Thursday
      I went to Norwich:  I saw the cathedral in great<br/>detail (it has a marvellous
      array of bosses, many of them fresh-<br/>ly cleaned and painted in the largest
      cloisters in England so<br/>nice and low), including the Retable of the Passion
      by an Eng-<br/>lish artist, some of which is reproduced in Gothic England.<br/>The
      museum itself interested me very much also, especially<br/>the lavish selection
      of Cotman and the dozen or so Cromes.<br/>I have little books about cathedral
      and pictures to show you<br/>when, in the near future, we are able to be together
      again.<br/><br/>  Friday, as you know I had a lecture and, in the evening,<br/>the
      Anglo-Dutch party at Wimbledon, which I mildly enjoyed at<br/>first, but as
      it dragged on I became very tired (after my tour)<br/>and so became like a Bronzine
      personage from one O''clock on.<br/><br/>  Saturday I had two lectures which
      were I think successful<br/>and in the evening Charles took me to dinner and
      the cinema.<br/>(By the way, I saw some Constables in the N.G. basement, back<br/>from
      the Bienalle, including the Waterloo Bridge one which is<br/>glorious.)  We
      saw Le Beaute du Diable, which is, on the whole,<br/>a tiresome, though pretty,
      version of Faust, by Rene Clair.<br/>Decorative but feeble, and full of loose
      ends as no fable should<br/>be.<br/><br/>  Today I am happy to stay in my flat,
      except for posting this<br/>letter, with nothing pressing to do, except rest.  And
      think of<br/>you.  I expect you will have finished your painting now and I<br/>am
      interested to hear of your perfecting of Tiny''s portrait.  It<br/>must be splendid
      indeed now.  And the savage''s arm?  I am sure<br/>that will soon, it if does
      not already, please you.  I have several <br/>of your pictures out, round the
      room, to soothe and delight me af-<br/>ter being separated from your art for
      nearly a week, an age.  I<br/>mean as well as the ones on the walls.'
    charcount: 2516
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a80dc8e8-8a2e-447c-b813-e186feae1826.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9899733
    median_ratio: 0.9901452
    max_ratio: 0.9932642
    min_ratio: 0.9877005
    total_ratio: 4.9498665
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0379571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0270936
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0738255
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0160891
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_024.jpg

---
