---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_010
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 66770306
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751479
    user_name: xuelee
    created_at: 1.5027075e+09
    started_on: 1.5027051e+09
    ended_on: 1.5027075e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:52.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/52.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5027075e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5037155e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5026688e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 2473.454
    minutes_annotating: 41.2242333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:52.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/52.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '52'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows Vista
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheat - Sunday, 1951 \nDearest Sylvia, \nThe date given
      above follows the example of Dante Gabriel Rosetti's - Tuesday 1850. As I have
      trouble with exact dates I am rather taken with it. Yes, you will see I am looking
      up the PRB: I daresay you know but Millais and Hunt visited Edward Lear at Fairlight,
      where, presumably, Lear was staying. I wish I were visiting near Fairlight this
      Sunday in 1951. However, your lion must get down to dates: his diary is by him
      now. \nYou say in you most recent letters that you will pro-ably come on Saturday
      or Sunday next. In an earlier let-ter you suggested such dates as 12th or 13th
      but (as you said at the time) you had the dates wrong. It was follow-ing those
      dates that I made the suggestions in my last let-ter about meeting you. I take
      it, now, that I can expect you on 15th or 16th, 1951. \nJohn McHale has a party
      on Saturday, 15th. If you do come to town on that day would you mind if we put
      in an appearance? I would unhesitating skip it but I can meet there a man named
      Peploe (in the advertising business) and meet again two people I encountered
      fleetingly who have BBC connections. It would be delightful if you would come
      but do not want you to be overtired. \nIf you did not come until Sunday we will
      have Monday at home. Tuesday I have a lecture at the Tate on 'Impression-ism';
      Wednesday I start at Banstead; Thursday, 'The School of Paris' (at the Tate).
      Otherwise I am free until the fol-lowing Tuesday. So, perhaps one of those three
      days would be the best time to see Muriel. I'm afraid this may be complicated
      reading but it is unavoidable: 'There', as we say, 'you are'. \nWhat splendid
      news about the Cricket Field Gate: I am sure it will be what Rosetti and Brown
      would call 'A real stunner'.  You have roughed it IN and painted the sky already!
      I am so pleased and excited to hear of this excellent start. Your account of
      the color is most vivid and I have an attract-ive mental picture of the scene.
      \nI am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally and un-intentionally. I
      envy you: or, rather, I eny your compan-ions. Would I had been there - my cat
      on my arm. Clifford ought to get Clerkson Rose's autobiography (just out), With
      a Twinkle in my Eye. It could go with Dusty Wusty's Diaries, and Kafka's, and
      Rousseau."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheat - Sunday, 1951 <br/>Dearest Sylvia, <br/>The date
      given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel Rosetti''s - Tuesday 1850.
      As I have trouble with exact dates I am rather taken with it. Yes, you will
      see I am looking up the PRB: I daresay you know but Millais and Hunt visited
      Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear was staying. I wish I were
      visiting near Fairlight this Sunday in 1951. However, your lion must get down
      to dates: his diary is by him now. <br/>You say in you most recent letters that
      you will pro-ably come on Saturday or Sunday next. In an earlier let-ter you
      suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you said at the time) you had the
      dates wrong. It was follow-ing those dates that I made the suggestions in my
      last let-ter about meeting you. I take it, now, that I can expect you on 15th
      or 16th, 1951. <br/>John McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th. If you do come
      to town on that day would you mind if we put in an appearance? I would unhesitating
      skip it but I can meet there a man named Peploe (in the advertising business)
      and meet again two people I encountered fleetingly who have BBC connections.
      It would be delightful if you would come but do not want you to be overtired.
      <br/>If you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at home. Tuesday I
      have a lecture at the Tate on ''Impression-ism''; Wednesday I start at Banstead;
      Thursday, ''The School of Paris'' (at the Tate). Otherwise I am free until the
      fol-lowing Tuesday. So, perhaps one of those three days would be the best time
      to see Muriel. I''m afraid this may be complicated reading but it is unavoidable:
      ''There'', as we say, ''you are''. <br/>What splendid news about the Cricket
      Field Gate: I am sure it will be what Rosetti and Brown would call ''A real
      stunner''.  You have roughed it IN and painted the sky already! I am so pleased
      and excited to hear of this excellent start. Your account of the color is most
      vivid and I have an attract-ive mental picture of the scene. <br/>I am sure
      Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally and un-intentionally. I envy you: or,
      rather, I eny your compan-ions. Would I had been there - my cat on my arm. Clifford
      ought to get Clerkson Rose''s autobiography (just out), With a Twinkle in my
      Eye. It could go with Dusty Wusty''s Diaries, and Kafka''s, and Rousseau.'
    charcount: 2285
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/12a88bff-fa2b-4874-896d-62cf8e8bfcdc.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9675511
    median_ratio: 0.9649718
    max_ratio: 0.9791432
    min_ratio: 0.9569299
    total_ratio: 4.8377554
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0654505
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0621242
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1033355
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0354563
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66869004
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751479
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5027552e+09
    started_on: 1.5027328e+09
    ended_on: 1.5027552e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5027075e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5037155e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5027552e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 22421.5190001
    minutes_annotating: 373.6919833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      Blackheath - Sunday, 1951  Dearest Sylvia,

      The date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel
      Rossetti's - Tuesday, 1850.  As I have trouble with exact
      dates I am rather taken with it.  Yes, you will see I am
      looking up the PRB:  I dare say you know but Millais and Hunt
      visited Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumbly, Lear
      was staying.  I wish I were visiting near Fairlight this
      Sunday in 1951.  However, your lion must get down to
      dates:  his diary is by him now.

      You say in your most recent letter that you will prob-
      ably come on Saturday or Sunday next.  In an earlier let-
      ter you suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you
      said at the time) you had the dates wrong.  It was follow-
      ing those dates that I made the suggestions in my last let-
      ter about meeting you.  I take it, now, that I can expect
      you on the 15th or 16th, 1951.

      John McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th.  If you do
      come to town on that day would you mind if we put in an
      appearance?  I would unhesitating skip it but I can meet
      there a man names Peploe (in the advertising business) and
      meet again two people I encountered fleetingly who have
      BBC connections.  It would be delightful if you would
      come but I do not want you to be overtired.

      If you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at
      home.  Tuesday I have a lecture at the Tate on 'Impression-
      ism'; Wednesday I start at Banstead; Thursday, 'The School
      of Paris' (at the Tate).  Otherwise I am free until the fol-
      lowing Tuesday.  So, perhaps one of those three days would
      be the best time to see Muriel.  I'm afraid this may be
      complicated reading but it is unavoidable:  'There', as we
      say, 'you are'.

      What splendid news about the Cricket Field Gate:  I am sure
      it will be what Rossetti and Brown would call 'A real stunner'.
      You have roughed it in and painted the sky already!  I am so
      pleased and excited to hear of this excellent start.
      Your account of the color is most vivid and I have an attract-
      ive mental picture of the scene.

      I am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally and un-
      intentionally.  I envy you:  or, rather, I envy your compan-
      ions.  Would I had been there - my cat on my arm.  Clifford
      ought to get Clerkson Rose's autobiography (just out), With a
      Twinkle in my Eye.  It could go with Dusty Wusty's Diaries,
      and Kafka's, and Rousseau.

      I will certainly go to the Redfern during the coming week.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath - Sunday, 1951  Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>The
      date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel<br/>Rossetti''s - Tuesday,
      1850.  As I have trouble with exact<br/>dates I am rather taken with it.  Yes,
      you will see I am<br/>looking up the PRB:  I dare say you know but Millais and
      Hunt<br/>visited Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumbly, Lear<br/>was staying.  I
      wish I were visiting near Fairlight this<br/>Sunday in 1951.  However, your
      lion must get down to<br/>dates:  his diary is by him now.<br/><br/>You say
      in your most recent letter that you will prob-<br/>ably come on Saturday or
      Sunday next.  In an earlier let-<br/>ter you suggested such dates as 12th or
      13th but (as you<br/>said at the time) you had the dates wrong.  It was follow-<br/>ing
      those dates that I made the suggestions in my last let-<br/>ter about meeting
      you.  I take it, now, that I can expect<br/>you on the 15th or 16th, 1951.<br/><br/>John
      McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th.  If you do<br/>come to town on that day
      would you mind if we put in an<br/>appearance?  I would unhesitating skip it
      but I can meet<br/>there a man names Peploe (in the advertising business) and<br/>meet
      again two people I encountered fleetingly who have<br/>BBC connections.  It
      would be delightful if you would<br/>come but I do not want you to be overtired.<br/><br/>If
      you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at<br/>home.  Tuesday I have
      a lecture at the Tate on ''Impression-<br/>ism''; Wednesday I start at Banstead;
      Thursday, ''The School<br/>of Paris'' (at the Tate).  Otherwise I am free until
      the fol-<br/>lowing Tuesday.  So, perhaps one of those three days would<br/>be
      the best time to see Muriel.  I''m afraid this may be<br/>complicated reading
      but it is unavoidable:  ''There'', as we<br/>say, ''you are''.<br/><br/>What
      splendid news about the Cricket Field Gate:  I am sure<br/>it will be what Rossetti
      and Brown would call ''A real stunner''.<br/>You have roughed it in and painted
      the sky already!  I am so<br/>pleased and excited to hear of this excellent
      start.<br/>Your account of the color is most vivid and I have an attract-<br/>ive
      mental picture of the scene.<br/><br/>I am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally
      and un-<br/>intentionally.  I envy you:  or, rather, I envy your compan-<br/>ions.  Would
      I had been there - my cat on my arm.  Clifford<br/>ought to get Clerkson Rose''s
      autobiography (just out), With a<br/>Twinkle in my Eye.  It could go with Dusty
      Wusty''s Diaries,<br/>and Kafka''s, and Rousseau.<br/><br/>I will certainly
      go to the Redfern during the coming week.<br/>'
    charcount: 2390
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/12a88bff-fa2b-4874-896d-62cf8e8bfcdc.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9850808
    median_ratio: 0.9846591
    max_ratio: 0.988726
    min_ratio: 0.9798966
    total_ratio: 4.9254041
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0654505
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0621242
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1033355
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0354563
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67591155
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751479
    user_name: tinkapuppy
    created_at: 1.5031893e+09
    started_on: 1.5031878e+09
    ended_on: 1.5031896e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5027075e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5037155e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5031872e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1819.9890001
    minutes_annotating: 30.33315
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath - Sunday, 1951

      Dearest Sylvia,

           The date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel
      Rossetti's - Tuesday, 1850. As I have trouble with exact
      dates I am rather taken with it. Yes, you will see I am
      looking up the PRB: I daresay you know but Millais and Hunt
      visited Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear
      was staying. I wish I were visiting near Fairlight this
      Sunday in 1951. However, your lion must get down to
      dates: his diary is by him now.

           You say in your most recent letter that you will prob-
      ably come on Saturday or Sunday next. In an earlier let-
      ter you suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you
      siad at the time) you had the dates wrong. It was follow-
      ing those dates that I made the suggestions in my last let-
      ter about meeting you. I take it, now, that I can expect
      you on the 15th or 16th, 1951.

           John McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th. If you do
      come to town on that day would you mind if we put in an
      appearance? I would unhesitatingly skip it but I can meet
      there a man named Peploe (in the advertising business) and
      meet again two people I encountered fleetingly who have
      BBC connections. It would be delightful if you would
      come but I do not want you to be overtired.

           If you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at
      home. Tuesday I have a lecture at the Tate on 'Impression-
      ism'; Wednesday I start at Banstead; Thursday, 'The School
      of Paris' (at the Tate). Otherwise I am free until the fol-
      lowing Tuesday. So, perhaps one of those three days would
      be the best time to see Muriel. I'm afraid this may be
      complicated reading but it  is unavoidable: 'There', as we
      say, 'you are'.

           What splendid news about the Cricket Field Gate: I am sure
      it will be what Rosetti and Brown would  call  'A real stunner'.
      You have roughed it in and painted the sky already! I am so
      pleased and excited to hear of this excellent start.
      Your account of the color is most vivid and I have an attract-
      ive mental picture of the scene.

           I am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally and un-
      intentionally. I envy you: or, rather, I envy your compan-
      ions. Would [that] I had been there - my cat on my arm. Clifford
      ought to get Clerkson Rose's autobiography (just out), With a
      Twinkle In My Eye. It could go with Dusty Wusty's diaries,
      and Kafka's, and Rousseau.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath - Sunday, 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>     The
      date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel<br/>Rossetti''s - Tuesday,
      1850. As I have trouble with exact<br/>dates I am rather taken with it. Yes,
      you will see I am<br/>looking up the PRB: I daresay you know but Millais and
      Hunt<br/>visited Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear<br/>was staying.
      I wish I were visiting near Fairlight this<br/>Sunday in 1951. However, your
      lion must get down to<br/>dates: his diary is by him now.<br/><br/>     You
      say in your most recent letter that you will prob-<br/>ably come on Saturday
      or Sunday next. In an earlier let-<br/>ter you suggested such dates as 12th
      or 13th but (as you<br/>siad at the time) you had the dates wrong. It was follow-<br/>ing
      those dates that I made the suggestions in my last let-<br/>ter about meeting
      you. I take it, now, that I can expect<br/>you on the 15th or 16th, 1951.<br/><br/>     John
      McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th. If you do<br/>come to town on that day
      would you mind if we put in an<br/>appearance? I would unhesitatingly skip it
      but I can meet<br/>there a man named Peploe (in the advertising business) and<br/>meet
      again two people I encountered fleetingly who have<br/>BBC connections. It would
      be delightful if you would<br/>come but I do not want you to be overtired.<br/><br/>     If
      you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at<br/>home. Tuesday I have
      a lecture at the Tate on ''Impression-<br/>ism''; Wednesday I start at Banstead;
      Thursday, ''The School<br/>of Paris'' (at the Tate). Otherwise I am free until
      the fol-<br/>lowing Tuesday. So, perhaps one of those three days would<br/>be
      the best time to see Muriel. I''m afraid this may be<br/>complicated reading
      but it  is unavoidable: ''There'', as we<br/>say, ''you are''.<br/><br/>     What
      splendid news about the Cricket Field Gate: I am sure<br/>it will be what Rosetti
      and Brown would  call  ''A real stunner''.<br/>You have roughed it in and painted
      the sky already! I am so<br/>pleased and excited to hear of this excellent start.<br/>Your
      account of the color is most vivid and I have an attract-<br/>ive mental picture
      of the scene.<br/><br/>     I am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally
      and un-<br/>intentionally. I envy you: or, rather, I envy your compan-<br/>ions.
      Would [that] I had been there - my cat on my arm. Clifford<br/>ought to get
      Clerkson Rose''s autobiography (just out), With a<br/>Twinkle In My Eye. It
      could go with Dusty Wusty''s diaries,<br/>and Kafka''s, and Rousseau.'
    charcount: 2346
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/12a88bff-fa2b-4874-896d-62cf8e8bfcdc.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9729918
    median_ratio: 0.9719008
    max_ratio: 0.9835227
    min_ratio: 0.963556
    total_ratio: 4.8649591
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0654505
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0621242
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1033355
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0354563
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67815932
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751479
    user_name: RommelC
    created_at: 1.5033748e+09
    started_on: 1.5033732e+09
    ended_on: 1.5033748e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux armv7l; rv:45.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/45.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5027075e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5037155e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.50336e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1578.448
    minutes_annotating: 26.3074667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux armv7l; rv:45.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/45.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '45'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Linux
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath - Sunday, 1951

      Dearest Sylvia,

      The date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel Rossetti's- Tuesday, 1850. As I have trouble with exact dates I am rather taken with it. Yes you will see I am looking up the PRB: I daresay you know but Millais and Hun visited Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear was staying. I wish I were visiting near Fairlight this Sunday in 1951. However, your lion must get down to dates: his diary is by him now.

      You say in your most recent letter that you will probably come on Saturday or Sunday next. In an earlier letter you suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you said at the time) you had the dates wrong. It was following those dayes that I made the suggestons in my last letter about meeting you. I take it, now, that I can expect you on 15th or 16the, 1951.

      John McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th. If you do come to town on that day would you mind if we put in an appearance? I would unhesitating skip it but I can meet there a man named Peploe (in the advertising business) and meet again two people I encountered fleetingly who have BBC connections. It would be delightful if you would come but I do not want you to be overtired.

      If you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at home. Tuesday I have a lecture at the Tate on 'Impressionism'; Wednesday I start at Banstead; Thursday, 'The School of Paris' (at the Tate). Otherwise I am free until the following Tuesday. So, perhaps one of those three days would be the best time to see Muriel. I'm afriad this may be complicated reading but it is unavoidable: 'There', as we say, 'you are'.

      What splendid news about the Cricket Field Gate: I am sure it will be what Rossetti and Brown would call 'A real stunner'. You have roughed it in and painted the sky already! I am so pleased and excited to hear of this excellent start. Your account of the color is most vivid and I have an attractive mental picture of the scene.

      I am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentonally and unintentionally. I envy you: or, rather, I envy your companions. Would I had been there- my cat on my arm. Clifford ought to get Clerkson Rose's autobiography (just out), "With a Twinkle in my Eye." It could go with Dusty Wusty's Diaries, and Kafka's, and Rousseau.

      I will certainly go to the Redfern during the coming week.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath - Sunday, 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>The
      date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel Rossetti''s- Tuesday,
      1850. As I have trouble with exact dates I am rather taken with it. Yes you
      will see I am looking up the PRB: I daresay you know but Millais and Hun visited
      Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear was staying. I wish I were
      visiting near Fairlight this Sunday in 1951. However, your lion must get down
      to dates: his diary is by him now.<br/><br/>You say in your most recent letter
      that you will probably come on Saturday or Sunday next. In an earlier letter
      you suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you said at the time) you had
      the dates wrong. It was following those dayes that I made the suggestons in
      my last letter about meeting you. I take it, now, that I can expect you on 15th
      or 16the, 1951.<br/><br/>John McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th. If you do
      come to town on that day would you mind if we put in an appearance? I would
      unhesitating skip it but I can meet there a man named Peploe (in the advertising
      business) and meet again two people I encountered fleetingly who have BBC connections.
      It would be delightful if you would come but I do not want you to be overtired.<br/><br/>If
      you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at home. Tuesday I have a
      lecture at the Tate on ''Impressionism''; Wednesday I start at Banstead; Thursday,
      ''The School of Paris'' (at the Tate). Otherwise I am free until the following
      Tuesday. So, perhaps one of those three days would be the best time to see Muriel.
      I''m afriad this may be complicated reading but it is unavoidable: ''There'',
      as we say, ''you are''.<br/><br/>What splendid news about the Cricket Field
      Gate: I am sure it will be what Rossetti and Brown would call ''A real stunner''.
      You have roughed it in and painted the sky already! I am so pleased and excited
      to hear of this excellent start. Your account of the color is most vivid and
      I have an attractive mental picture of the scene.<br/><br/>I am sure Twinkle
      was very amusing, intentonally and unintentionally. I envy you: or, rather,
      I envy your companions. Would I had been there- my cat on my arm. Clifford ought
      to get Clerkson Rose''s autobiography (just out), "With a Twinkle in my Eye."
      It could go with Dusty Wusty''s Diaries, and Kafka''s, and Rousseau.<br/><br/>I
      will certainly go to the Redfern during the coming week.'
    charcount: 2340
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/12a88bff-fa2b-4874-896d-62cf8e8bfcdc.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9831459
    median_ratio: 0.9825254
    max_ratio: 0.9881356
    min_ratio: 0.9770247
    total_ratio: 4.9157297
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0654505
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0621242
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1033355
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0354563
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68098821
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751479
    user_name: not-logged-in-df7f386ac4c0312752bb
    created_at: 1.5035863e+09
    started_on: 1.5035859e+09
    ended_on: 1.5035863e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5027075e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5037155e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5035328e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 371.734
    minutes_annotating: 6.1955667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheat - Sunday 1951

      Dearest Sylvia,

      The date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel Rossetti's -Tuesday, 1850. As I have trouble with exact dates I am rather taken with it. Yes, you will see I am looking up the PRB: I daresay you know but Millais and Hunt visited Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear was staying. I wish I were visiting near Fairlight this Sunday in 1951. However, your lion must get down to dates: his diary is by him now.
      You say in your most recent letter that you will probably come on Saturday or Sunday next. In an earlier letter you suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you said at the time) you had the dates wrong. It was following those dates that I made the suggestions in my last letter about meeting you. I take it, now, that I can exact you on 15th or 16th, 1951.
      John McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th. If you do come to town on that day would you mind if we put in an appearance? I would unhesitating skip it but I can meet there a man named Peploe (in the advertising business) and meet again two people I encountered fleetingly who have BBC connections. It would be delightful if you would come but I do not want you to be overtired.
      IF you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at home. Tuesday I have a lecture at the Tate on 'Impressionism'; Wednesday I start at Banstead; Thursday, 'The school of Paris' (at the Tate). Otherwise I am free until the following Tuesday. So, perhaps one of those three days may be complicated reading but it is unavoidable: 'There', as we say, 'you are'.
      What splendid news about the Cricket Field Gate: I am sure it will be what Rossetti and Brown would call 'A real stunner'. You have roughed it in and painted the sky already! I am so pleased and excited to hear of this excellent start. Your account of the color is most vivid and I have an attractive mental picture of the scene.
      I am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally and unintentionally. I envy you: or, rather, I envy your companions. Would I had been there - my cat on my arm. Clifford ought to get Clarkson Rose's autobiography (just out), With a Twinkle in my Eye.  IT would go with Dusty Wusty's Diaries, and Kafka's, and Rousseau.
      I will certainly go to the Redfern during the coming week.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheat - Sunday 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>The
      date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel Rossetti''s -Tuesday,
      1850. As I have trouble with exact dates I am rather taken with it. Yes, you
      will see I am looking up the PRB: I daresay you know but Millais and Hunt visited
      Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear was staying. I wish I were
      visiting near Fairlight this Sunday in 1951. However, your lion must get down
      to dates: his diary is by him now.<br/>You say in your most recent letter that
      you will probably come on Saturday or Sunday next. In an earlier letter you
      suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you said at the time) you had the
      dates wrong. It was following those dates that I made the suggestions in my
      last letter about meeting you. I take it, now, that I can exact you on 15th
      or 16th, 1951.<br/>John McHale has a party on Saturday, 15th. If you do come
      to town on that day would you mind if we put in an appearance? I would unhesitating
      skip it but I can meet there a man named Peploe (in the advertising business)
      and meet again two people I encountered fleetingly who have BBC connections.
      It would be delightful if you would come but I do not want you to be overtired.<br/>IF
      you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at home. Tuesday I have a
      lecture at the Tate on ''Impressionism''; Wednesday I start at Banstead; Thursday,
      ''The school of Paris'' (at the Tate). Otherwise I am free until the following
      Tuesday. So, perhaps one of those three days may be complicated reading but
      it is unavoidable: ''There'', as we say, ''you are''.<br/>What splendid news
      about the Cricket Field Gate: I am sure it will be what Rossetti and Brown would
      call ''A real stunner''. You have roughed it in and painted the sky already!
      I am so pleased and excited to hear of this excellent start. Your account of
      the color is most vivid and I have an attractive mental picture of the scene.<br/>I
      am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally and unintentionally. I envy
      you: or, rather, I envy your companions. Would I had been there - my cat on
      my arm. Clifford ought to get Clarkson Rose''s autobiography (just out), With
      a Twinkle in my Eye.  IT would go with Dusty Wusty''s Diaries, and Kafka''s,
      and Rousseau.<br/>I will certainly go to the Redfern during the coming week.'
    charcount: 2280
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/12a88bff-fa2b-4874-896d-62cf8e8bfcdc.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9631124
    median_ratio: 0.9641082
    max_ratio: 0.9663912
    min_ratio: 0.9569213
    total_ratio: 4.8155621
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0654505
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0621242
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1033355
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0354563
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68292228
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751479
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5037155e+09
    started_on: 1.5037151e+09
    ended_on: 1.5037155e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9000.87.2) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/56.0.2924.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5027075e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5037155e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5037056e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 412.9290001
    minutes_annotating: 6.88215
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9000.87.2) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/56.0.2924.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '56'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9000'
    os.minor: '87'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2924'
    os.patch: '2'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath--Sunday, 1951\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThe date given
      above follows the example of Dante Gabriel\nossetti's - Tuesday, 1850.  As I
      have trouble with exact\ndates I am rather taken with it.  Yes, you will see
      I am\nlooking up the PRB:  I daresay you know but Millais and Hunt\nvisited
      Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear\nwas staying.  I wish I were
      visiting near Fairlight this\nSnday in 1951.  However, your lion must get down
      to \ndates:  his diary is by him now.\n\nYou say in your most reent letter that
      you will probl-\nably come on Saturday or Sunday next.  In an earlier let-\nter
      you suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you\nsaid at the time) you
      had the dates wrong.  It was follow-\ning those dates that I made the suggestions
      in my last let-\nter about meeting you.  I take it, now, that I can expect\nyou
      on 15th or 16th, 1951.\n\nJohn McHale has a party on Satturday, 15th.  If you
      do\ncome to town on that day would you mind if we put in an\nappearance?  I
      would unhesitating skip it but I can meet\nthere a man named Peploe (in the
      advertising business) and\nmeet again two people I encountered fleeingly who
      have\nBBC connections.  It would be delightful if you would\ncome but I do not
      want to be overtired.\n\nIf you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday
      at\nhome.  Tuesday I ahve a lecture at the Tate on 'Impression-\nism'; Wednesday
      I start at Banstead; Thursday, 'The School\nof Paris' (at the Tate).  Otherwise
      I am free until the fol-\nlowing Tuesday.  So, perhaps one of those three days
      would\nbe the best time to see Muriel.  I'm afraid this may be\ncomplicated
      reading but it is unavoidable:  'There', as we\nsay, 'you are'.\n\nWhat splendid
      news about the Cricket Field Gate:  I am sure\nit will be what Rossetti and
      Brown would call 'A real stunner'.\nYou have roughed it in and painted the sky
      already!  I am so\npleased and excited to hear of this excellent start.\nYour
      account of the color is most vivid and I have an attract-\nive mental picture
      of the scene.\n\nI am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally and un-\nintentionally.
      \ I envy you:  or, rather, I envy your compan-\nions.  Would I had been there--my
      cat on my arm.  Clifford\nought to get Clerkson Rose's autobiography (just out),
      With a\nTwinkle in my Eye.  It could go with Dusty Wusty's Diaries."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath--Sunday, 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>The
      date given above follows the example of Dante Gabriel<br/>ossetti''s - Tuesday,
      1850.  As I have trouble with exact<br/>dates I am rather taken with it.  Yes,
      you will see I am<br/>looking up the PRB:  I daresay you know but Millais and
      Hunt<br/>visited Edward Lear at Fairlight, where, presumably, Lear<br/>was staying.  I
      wish I were visiting near Fairlight this<br/>Snday in 1951.  However, your lion
      must get down to <br/>dates:  his diary is by him now.<br/><br/>You say in your
      most reent letter that you will probl-<br/>ably come on Saturday or Sunday next.  In
      an earlier let-<br/>ter you suggested such dates as 12th or 13th but (as you<br/>said
      at the time) you had the dates wrong.  It was follow-<br/>ing those dates that
      I made the suggestions in my last let-<br/>ter about meeting you.  I take it,
      now, that I can expect<br/>you on 15th or 16th, 1951.<br/><br/>John McHale has
      a party on Satturday, 15th.  If you do<br/>come to town on that day would you
      mind if we put in an<br/>appearance?  I would unhesitating skip it but I can
      meet<br/>there a man named Peploe (in the advertising business) and<br/>meet
      again two people I encountered fleeingly who have<br/>BBC connections.  It would
      be delightful if you would<br/>come but I do not want to be overtired.<br/><br/>If
      you did not come until Sunday we will have Monday at<br/>home.  Tuesday I ahve
      a lecture at the Tate on ''Impression-<br/>ism''; Wednesday I start at Banstead;
      Thursday, ''The School<br/>of Paris'' (at the Tate).  Otherwise I am free until
      the fol-<br/>lowing Tuesday.  So, perhaps one of those three days would<br/>be
      the best time to see Muriel.  I''m afraid this may be<br/>complicated reading
      but it is unavoidable:  ''There'', as we<br/>say, ''you are''.<br/><br/>What
      splendid news about the Cricket Field Gate:  I am sure<br/>it will be what Rossetti
      and Brown would call ''A real stunner''.<br/>You have roughed it in and painted
      the sky already!  I am so<br/>pleased and excited to hear of this excellent
      start.<br/>Your account of the color is most vivid and I have an attract-<br/>ive
      mental picture of the scene.<br/><br/>I am sure Twinkle was very amusing, intentionally
      and un-<br/>intentionally.  I envy you:  or, rather, I envy your compan-<br/>ions.  Would
      I had been there--my cat on my arm.  Clifford<br/>ought to get Clerkson Rose''s
      autobiography (just out), With a<br/>Twinkle in my Eye.  It could go with Dusty
      Wusty''s Diaries.'
    charcount: 2291
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/12a88bff-fa2b-4874-896d-62cf8e8bfcdc.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9594319
    median_ratio: 0.95427
    max_ratio: 0.9710227
    min_ratio: 0.9491993
    total_ratio: 4.7971597
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0654505
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0621242
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1033355
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0354563
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_010.jpg

---
