---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 71805599
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249766
    user_name: not-logged-in-32a858b01795f20da552
    created_at: 1.5063992e+09
    started_on: 1.5063983e+09
    ended_on: 1.5063992e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063992e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069907e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 891.2910001
    minutes_annotating: 14.85485
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath   [22-5-63]
      Friday evening
      Dearest Sylvia:
      Thank your for your story. Written at such speed and prompted as it was by negative reactions, I must say I think it is ex-
      cellent. Especially I like the ways things go on while the characters speak: there is no unreal suspension during speech. You have 'caught' them, and the social milieu, very well. do agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been taken to the end. I ought to know: it's my idea.

      My feelings are mixed: admiration for what you have written; rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make me feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written was over-written (as it well may be). It is odd to see my idea differently handled, so that I am 'scooped' as well as criticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at us, however obliquely. Its genesis was different. I will write again when I have re-read the story and thought it over carefully.

      Carter did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however, I shall see Carter next week. I have another idea for an operetta, somewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is like-
      ly that Frank could be interested. That I could write straight. I think if I can write the proper things I can get work on TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.

      Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the behavior of the secretary of the Rye Artists).

      My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion at Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialist point of view towards art for the evening, as it was a discussion and I supposed liveliness was expected. I might just as well not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.

      I have finished the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the moment, terribly pleased with it: I hope I've got Sutherland exactly. However, I may think differently when I see it in print next week. Christ but it was a rush.

      If I am not to miss the 7.00 collection I must stop now, but you will get this before the week and if I go now. So, my darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy that we shall soon meet. I love love love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath   [22-5-63]<br/>Friday evening<br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/>Thank
      your for your story. Written at such speed and prompted as it was by negative
      reactions, I must say I think it is ex-<br/>cellent. Especially I like the ways
      things go on while the characters speak: there is no unreal suspension during
      speech. You have ''caught'' them, and the social milieu, very well. do agree
      with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been taken to the end. I ought
      to know: it''s my idea.<br/><br/>My feelings are mixed: admiration for what
      you have written; rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make
      me feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written was over-written
      (as it well may be). It is odd to see my idea differently handled, so that I
      am ''scooped'' as well as criticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel,
      aimed at us, however obliquely. Its genesis was different. I will write again
      when I have re-read the story and thought it over carefully.<br/><br/>Carter
      did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant evening with Magda and John.
      Definitely, however, I shall see Carter next week. I have another idea for an
      operetta, somewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is like-<br/>ly
      that Frank could be interested. That I could write straight. I think if I can
      write the proper things I can get work on TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in
      effect.<br/><br/>Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the
      behavior of the secretary of the Rye Artists).<br/><br/>My lectures have all
      gone rather nicely. The discussion at Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an
      existentialist point of view towards art for the evening, as it was a discussion
      and I supposed liveliness was expected. I might just as well not have bothered.
      Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and Freddie only said what they only too
      obviously believed in.<br/><br/>I have finished the Sutherland-Moore article.
      I am, at the moment, terribly pleased with it: I hope I''ve got Sutherland exactly.
      However, I may think differently when I see it in print next week. Christ but
      it was a rush.<br/><br/>If I am not to miss the 7.00 collection I must stop
      now, but you will get this before the week and if I go now. So, my darling,
      my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy that we shall soon meet. I
      love love love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2292
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/118c3077-e39b-41d2-81f2-aeac236f4e6a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9824682
    median_ratio: 0.9825893
    max_ratio: 0.9898363
    min_ratio: 0.9763647
    total_ratio: 5.8948092
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0526809
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0468227
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1039047
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0209743
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71856100
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249766
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5064421e+09
    started_on: 1.5064417e+09
    ended_on: 1.5064421e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063992e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069907e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 387.49
    minutes_annotating: 6.4581667
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9460'
    os.minor: '73'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      Friday evening
      Dearest Sylvia:
      Thank you for your story.  Written at such speed and prompted
      as it was by negative reactions, I must say I think it is ex-
      cellent.  Especially I like the ways things go on while the
      characters speak:  there is no unreal suspension during speech.
      You have 'caught' them, and the social milieu, very well.  I
      do agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been
      taken to the end.  I ought to know:  it's my idea.
      My feelings are mixed:  admiration for what you have written
      rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness.  You make me
      feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written
      was over-written (as it well may be).  It is odd to see my
      idea differently handled, so that I am 'scooped' as well as
      criticised.  My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at
      us, however obliquely.  Its genesis was different.  I will
      write again when I have re-read the story and thought it over
      carefully.
      Carter did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant
      evening with Magda and John.  Definitely, however, I shall
      see Carter next week.  I have aother idea for an operetta,
      somewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is like-
      ly that Frank could be interested.  That I could write straight.
      I think if I can write the proper things I can get work on
      TV and Sound.  Magda as my agent, in effect.
      Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the
      behavior of the secretary of the Rye Artists).
      My lectures have all gone rather nicely.  The discussion at
      Hampstead was not too bad:  I adopted an existentialist point
      of view towards art for the evening, as it was a discussion
      and I supposed liveliness was expected.  I might just as well
      not have bothered.  Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and
      Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.
      I have finished the Sutherland-Moore article.  I am, at the
      moment, terribly please with it:  I hope I've got Sutherland
      exactly.  However, I may think differently when I see it in
      print next week.  Christ but it was a rush.
      If I am not to miss the 7.00 collection I must stop now, but
      you will get this before the week end if I go now.  So, my
      darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy that
      we shall soon meet.  I love love love you.
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Friday evening<br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/>Thank
      you for your story.  Written at such speed and prompted<br/>as it was by negative
      reactions, I must say I think it is ex-<br/>cellent.  Especially I like the
      ways things go on while the<br/>characters speak:  there is no unreal suspension
      during speech.<br/>You have ''caught'' them, and the social milieu, very well.  I<br/>do
      agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been<br/>taken to the end.  I
      ought to know:  it''s my idea.<br/>My feelings are mixed:  admiration for what
      you have written<br/>rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness.  You make
      me<br/>feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written<br/>was
      over-written (as it well may be).  It is odd to see my<br/>idea differently
      handled, so that I am ''scooped'' as well as<br/>criticised.  My idea was not,
      as you seem to feel, aimed at<br/>us, however obliquely.  Its genesis was different.  I
      will<br/>write again when I have re-read the story and thought it over<br/>carefully.<br/>Carter
      did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant<br/>evening with Magda and
      John.  Definitely, however, I shall<br/>see Carter next week.  I have aother
      idea for an operetta,<br/>somewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which
      it is like-<br/>ly that Frank could be interested.  That I could write straight.<br/>I
      think if I can write the proper things I can get work on<br/>TV and Sound.  Magda
      as my agent, in effect.<br/>Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite
      the<br/>behavior of the secretary of the Rye Artists).<br/>My lectures have
      all gone rather nicely.  The discussion at<br/>Hampstead was not too bad:  I
      adopted an existentialist point<br/>of view towards art for the evening, as
      it was a discussion<br/>and I supposed liveliness was expected.  I might just
      as well<br/>not have bothered.  Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and<br/>Freddie
      only said what they only too obviously believed in.<br/>I have finished the
      Sutherland-Moore article.  I am, at the<br/>moment, terribly please with it:  I
      hope I''ve got Sutherland<br/>exactly.  However, I may think differently when
      I see it in<br/>print next week.  Christ but it was a rush.<br/>If I am not
      to miss the 7.00 collection I must stop now, but<br/>you will get this before
      the week end if I go now.  So, my<br/>darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore
      you, and am happy that<br/>we shall soon meet.  I love love love you.<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2299
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/118c3077-e39b-41d2-81f2-aeac236f4e6a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9837252
    median_ratio: 0.9849373
    max_ratio: 0.9887514
    min_ratio: 0.9774902
    total_ratio: 5.9023514
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0526809
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0468227
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1039047
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0209743
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71973228
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249766
    user_name: the3esses
    created_at: 1.5065085e+09
    started_on: 1.5065075e+09
    ended_on: 1.5065085e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063992e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069907e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5064704e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 957.424
    minutes_annotating: 15.9570667
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      22-5-53
      Blackheath
      Friday Evening
      Dearest Sylvia:
      Thank you for your story. Written at such speed and prompted as it was by negative reactions, I must say I think it is excellent. Especially I like the way s things go on while the characters speak: there is no unreal suspension during speech. You have 'caught' them, and the social milieu, very well. I do agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been taken to the end. I ought to know: it's my idea.
      My feelings are mixed: admiration for what you have written; rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make me feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written was over-written (as it well may be). It is odd to see my idea differently handled, so that I am 'scooped' as well as criticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at us, however obliquely. Its genesis was different. I will write again when I have re-read the story and thought it over carefully.
      Carter did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however, I shall see Carter next week. I have another idea for an operetta, somewhere between Hemingway adn Offenbach, in which it is likely that Frank could be interested. That I could write straight. I think if I can write the proper things I can get work on TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.
      Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the behavior of the secretary of the Rye Artists).
      My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion at Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialist point of view towards art for the evening, as it was a discussion and I supposed livliness was expected. I might just as well not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.
      I have finished the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the moment, terribly pleased with it: I hope I've got Sutherland exactly. However, I may think differently when I see it in print next week. Christ but it was a rush.
      If I am not to miss the 7.00 collection I must stop now, but you will get this before the week end if I go now. So, my darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy that we shall soon meet. I love love love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '22-5-53<br/>Blackheath<br/>Friday Evening<br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/>Thank
      you for your story. Written at such speed and prompted as it was by negative
      reactions, I must say I think it is excellent. Especially I like the way s things
      go on while the characters speak: there is no unreal suspension during speech.
      You have ''caught'' them, and the social milieu, very well. I do agree with
      the Woods, however, that it has not quite been taken to the end. I ought to
      know: it''s my idea.<br/>My feelings are mixed: admiration for what you have
      written; rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make me feel my
      idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written was over-written (as it
      well may be). It is odd to see my idea differently handled, so that I am ''scooped''
      as well as criticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at us, however
      obliquely. Its genesis was different. I will write again when I have re-read
      the story and thought it over carefully.<br/>Carter did not come last night
      but I spent a very pleasant evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however,
      I shall see Carter next week. I have another idea for an operetta, somewhere
      between Hemingway adn Offenbach, in which it is likely that Frank could be interested.
      That I could write straight. I think if I can write the proper things I can
      get work on TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.<br/>Your visit to Rye
      with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the behavior of the secretary of the Rye
      Artists).<br/>My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion at Hampstead
      was not too bad: I adopted an existentialist point of view towards art for the
      evening, as it was a discussion and I supposed livliness was expected. I might
      just as well not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and Freddie
      only said what they only too obviously believed in.<br/>I have finished the
      Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the moment, terribly pleased with it: I hope
      I''ve got Sutherland exactly. However, I may think differently when I see it
      in print next week. Christ but it was a rush.<br/>If I am not to miss the 7.00
      collection I must stop now, but you will get this before the week end if I go
      now. So, my darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy that we
      shall soon meet. I love love love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2279
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/118c3077-e39b-41d2-81f2-aeac236f4e6a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.986639
    median_ratio: 0.9855311
    max_ratio: 0.9932242
    min_ratio: 0.9819921
    total_ratio: 5.9198342
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0526809
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0468227
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1039047
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0209743
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72374531
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249766
    user_name: ethomson
    created_at: 1.5067185e+09
    started_on: 1.5067177e+09
    ended_on: 1.5067185e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063992e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069907e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5066432e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 784.4610002
    minutes_annotating: 13.07435
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "[22-5-53]\nBlackheath\n\nFriday evening\n\nDearest Sylvia:\n\nThank
      you for your story. Written at such speed and prompted\nas it was by negative
      reactions, I must say I think it is ex-\ncellent. Especially I like the ways
      things go on while the\ncharacters speak: there is no unreal suspension during
      speech.\nYou have 'caught' them, and the social milieu, very well. I\ndo agree
      with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been\ntaken to the end. I ought
      to know: it's my idea.\n\nMy feelings are mixed: admiration for what you have
      written;\nrueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make me\nfeel
      my idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written\nwas over-written (as
      it may well be). It is odd to see my\nidea differently handled, so that I am
      'scooped' as well as\ncriticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed
      at\nus, however obliquely. Its genesis was different. I will\nwrite again when
      I have re-read the story and thought it over\ncarefully.\n\nCarter did not come
      last night but I spent a very pleasant\nevening with Magda and John. Definitely,
      however, I shall\nsee Carter next week. I have another idea for an operetta,
      \nsomewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is like-\nly that Frank
      could be interested. That I could write straight.\nI think if I can write the
      proper things I can get work on\nTV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.\n\nYour
      visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the\nbehavior of the secretary
      of the Rye Artists).\n\nMy lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion
      at\nHampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialist point\nof view towards
      art for the evening, as it was a discussion and I supposed liveliness was expected.
      I might just as well\nnot have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis
      and\nFreddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.\n\nI have finished
      the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the\nmoment, terribly pleased with it:
      I hope I've got Sutherland\nexactly. However, I may think differently when I
      see it in\nprint next week. Christ but it was a rush.\n\nIf I am not to miss
      the 7.00 collection I must stop now, but\nyou will get this before the week
      end if I go now. So, my\ndarling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am
      happy that\nwe shall soon meet. I love love love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[22-5-53]<br/>Blackheath<br/><br/>Friday evening<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia:<br/><br/>Thank you for your story. Written at such speed and prompted<br/>as
      it was by negative reactions, I must say I think it is ex-<br/>cellent. Especially
      I like the ways things go on while the<br/>characters speak: there is no unreal
      suspension during speech.<br/>You have ''caught'' them, and the social milieu,
      very well. I<br/>do agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been<br/>taken
      to the end. I ought to know: it''s my idea.<br/><br/>My feelings are mixed:
      admiration for what you have written;<br/>rueful at your deflationary speed
      and crispness. You make me<br/>feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that what
      I had written<br/>was over-written (as it may well be). It is odd to see my<br/>idea
      differently handled, so that I am ''scooped'' as well as<br/>criticised. My
      idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at<br/>us, however obliquely. Its genesis
      was different. I will<br/>write again when I have re-read the story and thought
      it over<br/>carefully.<br/><br/>Carter did not come last night but I spent a
      very pleasant<br/>evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however, I shall<br/>see
      Carter next week. I have another idea for an operetta, <br/>somewhere between
      Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is like-<br/>ly that Frank could be interested.
      That I could write straight.<br/>I think if I can write the proper things I
      can get work on<br/>TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.<br/><br/>Your
      visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the<br/>behavior of the secretary
      of the Rye Artists).<br/><br/>My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion
      at<br/>Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialist point<br/>of view
      towards art for the evening, as it was a discussion and I supposed liveliness
      was expected. I might just as well<br/>not have bothered. Nobody knew what I
      meant and Dennis and<br/>Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed
      in.<br/><br/>I have finished the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the<br/>moment,
      terribly pleased with it: I hope I''ve got Sutherland<br/>exactly. However,
      I may think differently when I see it in<br/>print next week. Christ but it
      was a rush.<br/><br/>If I am not to miss the 7.00 collection I must stop now,
      but<br/>you will get this before the week end if I go now. So, my<br/>darling,
      my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy that<br/>we shall soon meet.
      I love love love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2295
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/118c3077-e39b-41d2-81f2-aeac236f4e6a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9849446
    median_ratio: 0.984953
    max_ratio: 0.9926595
    min_ratio: 0.9780529
    total_ratio: 5.9096674
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0526809
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0468227
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1039047
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0209743
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72641988
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249766
    user_name: Molly_Carr
    created_at: 1.506958e+09
    started_on: 1.506937e+09
    ended_on: 1.506958e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.7; rv:48.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/48.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063992e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069907e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5069024e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 21000.352
    minutes_annotating: 350.0058667
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.7; rv:48.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/48.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '48'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '7'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Balckheath 22-5-53
      Friday evening
      Dearest Sylvia:
      Thank you for your story. Written at such speed and promted as it was by negative reactions, I must say I think it is excellent. Especially I like the ways things go on while the characters speak: there is no unreal suspension during speech. YOu have 'caught' them, and the social milieu, very well. I do agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been taken to the end. I ought to know: it's my idea.
      My feelings are mixed: admiration for wht you have written; rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make me feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written was over-written (as it well may be). It is odd to see my idea differently handled, so that I am 'scooped' as well as criticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at us, however obliquely.. It's genesis was different. I will write again when I have re-read the story and thought it over carefully.
      darter did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however, I shall see Carter next week. I have another idea for an operatta, somewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is likedly that Frank could be interested. That I could write straight. I think if I can write the proper things I can get work on TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.
      Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the behavior of the secretary of the Rye Artists).
      My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion at Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialistt point of view towards art for the evening, as it was a discussion and I supposed livliness was expected. I might just as well not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.
      I have finished the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the moment, terribly pleased with it: I hope I've got Sutherland exactly. However, I may think differently when I see it in print next week. Christ but it was a rush.
      If I am not to miss the 7.00 collection I must stop now, but you will get this before the week end if I go now. So, my darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy that we shall soon meet. I love love love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Balckheath 22-5-53<br/>Friday evening<br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/>Thank
      you for your story. Written at such speed and promted as it was by negative
      reactions, I must say I think it is excellent. Especially I like the ways things
      go on while the characters speak: there is no unreal suspension during speech.
      YOu have ''caught'' them, and the social milieu, very well. I do agree with
      the Woods, however, that it has not quite been taken to the end. I ought to
      know: it''s my idea.<br/>My feelings are mixed: admiration for wht you have
      written; rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make me feel my
      idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written was over-written (as it
      well may be). It is odd to see my idea differently handled, so that I am ''scooped''
      as well as criticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at us, however
      obliquely.. It''s genesis was different. I will write again when I have re-read
      the story and thought it over carefully.<br/>darter did not come last night
      but I spent a very pleasant evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however,
      I shall see Carter next week. I have another idea for an operatta, somewhere
      between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is likedly that Frank could be
      interested. That I could write straight. I think if I can write the proper things
      I can get work on TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.<br/>Your visit
      to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the behavior of the secretary of
      the Rye Artists).<br/>My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion
      at Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialistt point of view towards
      art for the evening, as it was a discussion and I supposed livliness was expected.
      I might just as well not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis
      and Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.<br/>I have finished
      the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the moment, terribly pleased with it:
      I hope I''ve got Sutherland exactly. However, I may think differently when I
      see it in print next week. Christ but it was a rush.<br/>If I am not to miss
      the 7.00 collection I must stop now, but you will get this before the week end
      if I go now. So, my darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy
      that we shall soon meet. I love love love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2280
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/118c3077-e39b-41d2-81f2-aeac236f4e6a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9802785
    median_ratio: 0.9800337
    max_ratio: 0.9831176
    min_ratio: 0.976247
    total_ratio: 5.8816709
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0526809
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0468227
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1039047
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0209743
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72698106
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249766
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5069907e+09
    started_on: 1.5069896e+09
    ended_on: 1.5069907e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063992e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069907e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5069888e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1074.122
    minutes_annotating: 17.9020333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      [22-5-53] Friday evening Blackheath Dearest Sylvia:

      Thank you for your story. Written at such speed and prompted
      as it was by negative reactions, I must say I think it is ex-
      cellent. Especially I like the ways things go on while the
      characters speak: there is no unreal suspension during speech.
      You have 'caught' them, and the social milieu, very well. I
      do agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been
      taken to the end. I ought to know: it's my idea.

      My feelings are mixed: admiration for what you have written;
      rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make me
      feel my idea was morbid and fance and that what I had written
      was over-written (as it well may be). It is odd to see my
      idea differently handled, so that I am 'scooped' as well as
      criticised. I idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at
      us, however obliquely. Its genesis was different. I will
      write again when I have re-read the story and thought it over
      carefully.

      Carter did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant
      evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however, I shall
      see Carter next week. I have another idea for an operatta,
      somewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is like-
      ly that Frank could be interested. That I could write straight.
      I think if I can write the proper thinkgs I can get work on
      TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.

      Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the
      behavior of the secretary of the Rye Aritsts).

      My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion at
      Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialist point
      of view towards art for the evening, as it was a discussion
      and I supposed livliness was expected. I might just as well
      not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and
      Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.

      I have finished the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the
      moment, terribly pleased with it: I hope I've got Sutherland
      exactly. However, I may think differently when I see it in
      print next week. Christ but it was a rush.

      If I am not to miss the 7:00 collection I must stop now, but
      you will get this before the week end if I go now. So, my
      darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am happy that
      we shall soon meet. I love love love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[22-5-53] Friday evening Blackheath Dearest Sylvia:<br/><br/>Thank
      you for your story. Written at such speed and prompted<br/>as it was by negative
      reactions, I must say I think it is ex-<br/>cellent. Especially I like the ways
      things go on while the<br/>characters speak: there is no unreal suspension during
      speech.<br/>You have ''caught'' them, and the social milieu, very well. I<br/>do
      agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been<br/>taken to the end.
      I ought to know: it''s my idea.<br/><br/>My feelings are mixed: admiration for
      what you have written;<br/>rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness.
      You make me<br/>feel my idea was morbid and fance and that what I had written<br/>was
      over-written (as it well may be). It is odd to see my<br/>idea differently handled,
      so that I am ''scooped'' as well as<br/>criticised. I idea was not, as you seem
      to feel, aimed at<br/>us, however obliquely. Its genesis was different. I will<br/>write
      again when I have re-read the story and thought it over<br/>carefully.<br/><br/>Carter
      did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant<br/>evening with Magda and
      John. Definitely, however, I shall<br/>see Carter next week. I have another
      idea for an operatta,<br/>somewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which
      it is like-<br/>ly that Frank could be interested. That I could write straight.<br/>I
      think if I can write the proper thinkgs I can get work on<br/>TV and Sound.
      Magda as my agent, in effect.<br/><br/>Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting
      (despite the<br/>behavior of the secretary of the Rye Aritsts).<br/><br/>My
      lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion at<br/>Hampstead was not
      too bad: I adopted an existentialist point<br/>of view towards art for the evening,
      as it was a discussion<br/>and I supposed livliness was expected. I might just
      as well<br/>not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and<br/>Freddie
      only said what they only too obviously believed in.<br/><br/>I have finished
      the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the<br/>moment, terribly pleased with
      it: I hope I''ve got Sutherland<br/>exactly. However, I may think differently
      when I see it in<br/>print next week. Christ but it was a rush.<br/><br/>If
      I am not to miss the 7:00 collection I must stop now, but<br/>you will get this
      before the week end if I go now. So, my<br/>darling, my beauty, I love you,
      I adore you, and am happy that<br/>we shall soon meet. I love love love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2292
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/118c3077-e39b-41d2-81f2-aeac236f4e6a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.981676
    median_ratio: 0.9817158
    max_ratio: 0.9853686
    min_ratio: 0.9750594
    total_ratio: 5.890056
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0526809
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0468227
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1039047
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0209743
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72761189
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249766
    user_name: altheist
    created_at: 1.5070473e+09
    started_on: 1.5070038e+09
    ended_on: 1.5070473e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063992e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069907e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5069888e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 43499.5569999
    minutes_annotating: 724.9926167
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      [22-2-53]

      Blackheath

      Friday evening

      Dearest Sylvia:

      Thank you for your story. Written at such speed and prompted as it was by negative reactions, I must say I think it is excharacters speak: there is no unreal suspension during speech. You have "caught" them, and the social milieu, very well. I do agree with the Woods, however, that it has not quite been taken to the end. I ought to know: it's my idea.

      My feelings are mixed admiration for what you have written; rueful at your deflationary speed and crispness. You make me feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that what I had written was over-written (as it well may be). It is odd to see my criticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at us, however obliquely. Its genesis was different. I will write again when I have re-read the story and thought it over carefully.

      Darter did not come last night but I spent a very pleasant evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however, I shall see Carter next week. I have another idea for an operetta, somewhere between Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is likely that Frank could be interested. That I could write straight. I think if I can write the proper things I can get work on TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.

      Your visit to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the behavior of the secretary of the Rye Artists).

      My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion at Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialist point of view towards art for the evening, as it was discussion and I supposed liveliness was expected. I might just as well not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis and Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.

      I have finish the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the moment, terribly pleased with it: I hope I've got Sutherland exactly. However, I may think differently when I see it in print next week. Christ but it was a rush.

      If I am not to miss the 7:00 collection I must stop now, but you will get this before the week end if I go now. So, my darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and am so happy that we shall soon meet. I love love love you

      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[22-2-53]<br/><br/>Blackheath<br/><br/>Friday evening<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia:<br/><br/>Thank you for your story. Written at such speed and prompted
      as it was by negative reactions, I must say I think it is excharacters speak:
      there is no unreal suspension during speech. You have "caught" them, and the
      social milieu, very well. I do agree with the Woods, however, that it has not
      quite been taken to the end. I ought to know: it''s my idea.<br/><br/>My feelings
      are mixed admiration for what you have written; rueful at your deflationary
      speed and crispness. You make me feel my idea was morbid and fancy and that
      what I had written was over-written (as it well may be). It is odd to see my
      criticised. My idea was not, as you seem to feel, aimed at us, however obliquely.
      Its genesis was different. I will write again when I have re-read the story
      and thought it over carefully.<br/><br/>Darter did not come last night but I
      spent a very pleasant evening with Magda and John. Definitely, however, I shall
      see Carter next week. I have another idea for an operetta, somewhere between
      Hemingway and Offenbach, in which it is likely that Frank could be interested.
      That I could write straight. I think if I can write the proper things I can
      get work on TV and Sound. Magda as my agent, in effect.<br/><br/>Your visit
      to Rye with Beryl sounds enchanting (despite the behavior of the secretary of
      the Rye Artists).<br/><br/>My lectures have all gone rather nicely. The discussion
      at Hampstead was not too bad: I adopted an existentialist point of view towards
      art for the evening, as it was discussion and I supposed liveliness was expected.
      I might just as well not have bothered. Nobody knew what I meant and Dennis
      and Freddie only said what they only too obviously believed in.<br/><br/>I have
      finish the Sutherland-Moore article. I am, at the moment, terribly pleased with
      it: I hope I''ve got Sutherland exactly. However, I may think differently when
      I see it in print next week. Christ but it was a rush.<br/><br/>If I am not
      to miss the 7:00 collection I must stop now, but you will get this before the
      week end if I go now. So, my darling, my beauty, I love you, I adore you, and
      am so happy that we shall soon meet. I love love love you<br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2171
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/118c3077-e39b-41d2-81f2-aeac236f4e6a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.944083
    median_ratio: 0.945992
    max_ratio: 0.9508752
    min_ratio: 0.9352842
    total_ratio: 5.6644982
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0526809
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0468227
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1039047
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0209743
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f05_025.jpg

---
