---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 66641551
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751320
    user_name: star-lightcox.net
    created_at: 1.5025996e+09
    started_on: 1.5025968e+09
    ended_on: 1.5025996e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025996e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039439e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5025824e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 2799.296
    minutes_annotating: 46.6549333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n9 1 1951\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you so much
      for your letter this morning. I know\nhow anxious one does become: I am sad
      to think how unhappy\nyou must have been. I do trust that you are better now.\nPerhaps
      the fact that you have successfully roused me in the\nmatter of a job, and the
      fact that you are now painting again,\nwill ease your mind. It should do, my
      darling, my love, my beauty, my own. I am sorry for my part in disturbing\nyou:
      forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams - but I was\nvery disturbed to have
      such a serious one. I am sorry not\nto have phoned you that evening when you
      were alone: I wish\nI had been here so that I could have.\n\nClifford's books
      for review sound very interesting. I\ndo hope there are not too many of them.
      I expect there are.\nI am looking forward to his lecture very much. By the way,\nperhaps
      I should tell you my commitments for next week. They\nare as follows: Tuesday,
      T.G. at 3:00; Wednesday, Banstead\n(first lecture) at 7.30; Thursday, T.G. at
      3.00. The sec-\nond Birmingham lecture is not until the following week.\nHow
      I look forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where \nyou say, of course.
      It will be terribly nice to see Clif-\nford again too...\n\nI enclose a portrait
      of Dandylion that Hetty has just made.\nShe is a little worried about it traveling
      by post as she\nfears for the fine detail (I think she means the whiskers)\nbut
      Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So,\nI hope it has travelled
      alright...\n\nIris wants me to send her some film and art articles: there\nis
      just a chance Britania and Eve might use something. It seems\nthe editor feels
      a change is due, asked the staff for suggest-\nions, and Iris thought of me.
      The editor may think me too\nfancy (as there isn't time to write something specially)
      but\nit is worth prying.\n\nWhen we meet I must warn you Dandy will start (probably),
      even\nwhile staggering under the weight of your bags, all your bags,\ntalking
      about Belgian painters. Not because he know so much,\nbut because he is now
      able to pronounce them. I think, from\nthe sound of one or two names, some of
      the painters must by\nowls. I am not mistaken I think?\n\nDarling, do not worry,
      I hope Tiny is back. I love you\nand never cease thinking of you. I love you
      so much, you\nare my whole like\n\nI love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 1 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter this morning. I know<br/>how anxious one does become:
      I am sad to think how unhappy<br/>you must have been. I do trust that you are
      better now.<br/>Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the<br/>matter
      of a job, and the fact that you are now painting again,<br/>will ease your mind.
      It should do, my darling, my love, my beauty, my own. I am sorry for my part
      in disturbing<br/>you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams - but I was<br/>very
      disturbed to have such a serious one. I am sorry not<br/>to have phoned you
      that evening when you were alone: I wish<br/>I had been here so that I could
      have.<br/><br/>Clifford''s books for review sound very interesting. I<br/>do
      hope there are not too many of them. I expect there are.<br/>I am looking forward
      to his lecture very much. By the way,<br/>perhaps I should tell you my commitments
      for next week. They<br/>are as follows: Tuesday, T.G. at 3:00; Wednesday, Banstead<br/>(first
      lecture) at 7.30; Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The sec-<br/>ond Birmingham lecture
      is not until the following week.<br/>How I look forward to Monday: I will meet
      you when and where <br/>you say, of course. It will be terribly nice to see
      Clif-<br/>ford again too...<br/><br/>I enclose a portrait of Dandylion that
      Hetty has just made.<br/>She is a little worried about it traveling by post
      as she<br/>fears for the fine detail (I think she means the whiskers)<br/>but
      Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So,<br/>I hope it has travelled
      alright...<br/><br/>Iris wants me to send her some film and art articles: there<br/>is
      just a chance Britania and Eve might use something. It seems<br/>the editor
      feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggest-<br/>ions, and Iris thought
      of me. The editor may think me too<br/>fancy (as there isn''t time to write
      something specially) but<br/>it is worth prying.<br/><br/>When we meet I must
      warn you Dandy will start (probably), even<br/>while staggering under the weight
      of your bags, all your bags,<br/>talking about Belgian painters. Not because
      he know so much,<br/>but because he is now able to pronounce them. I think,
      from<br/>the sound of one or two names, some of the painters must by<br/>owls.
      I am not mistaken I think?<br/><br/>Darling, do not worry, I hope Tiny is back.
      I love you<br/>and never cease thinking of you. I love you so much, you<br/>are
      my whole like<br/><br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2293
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a161282f-2007-4685-9a4e-47f8f216d15c.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9794421
    median_ratio: 0.981138
    max_ratio: 0.9851429
    min_ratio: 0.9686073
    total_ratio: 5.8766526
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.068397
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0408022
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1716263
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66951247
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751320
    user_name: itsmestephanie
    created_at: 1.5028175e+09
    started_on: 1.5028169e+09
    ended_on: 1.5028175e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025996e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039439e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5027552e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 645.421
    minutes_annotating: 10.7570167
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      9 i 1951

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Thank you so much for your letter this morning. I know
      how anxious one does become: I am sad to think how unhappy
      you must have been. I do trust that you are better now.
      Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the
      matter of a job, and the fact that you are now painting again,
      will ease your mind. It should do, my darling, my love, my
      beauty, my own. I am so sorry for my part in disturbing
      you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams - but I was
      very disturbed to have such a serious one. I am sorry not
      to have phoned you that evening when you were alone: I wish
      I had been here so that I could have.

      Clifford's books for review sound very interesting. I
      do hope there are not too many of them. I expect there are.
      I am looking forward to his lecture very much. By the way,
      perhaps I should tell you my commitments for next week. They
      are as follows: Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00; Wednesday, Banstead
      (first lecture) at 7.30; Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The sec-
      ond Birmingham lecture is not until the following week.
      How I look forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where
      you say, of course. It will be terribly nice to see Clif-
      ford again too...
      I enclose a portrait of Dandylion that Hetty has just made.
      She is a little worried about it traveling by post as she
      fears for the fine detail (I think she means the whiskers)
      but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So,
      I hope it has traveled alright...

      When we meet I must warn you Dandy will probably start, even
      while staggering under the weight of your bags, all your bags,
      talking about Belgian painters. Not because he knows so much,
      but because he is now able to pronounce them. I think, from
      the sound of one or two names, some of the painters must be
      owls. I am not mistaken I think?

      Darling, do not worry. I hope Tiny is back. I love you
      and never cease thinking of you. I love you so much, you
      are my whole life.
      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 i 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter this morning. I know<br/>how anxious one does become:
      I am sad to think how unhappy<br/>you must have been. I do trust that you are
      better now.<br/>Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the<br/>matter
      of a job, and the fact that you are now painting again,<br/>will ease your mind.
      It should do, my darling, my love, my<br/>beauty, my own. I am so sorry for
      my part in disturbing<br/>you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams - but
      I was<br/>very disturbed to have such a serious one. I am sorry not<br/>to have
      phoned you that evening when you were alone: I wish<br/>I had been here so that
      I could have.<br/><br/>Clifford''s books for review sound very interesting.
      I<br/>do hope there are not too many of them. I expect there are.<br/>I am looking
      forward to his lecture very much. By the way,<br/>perhaps I should tell you
      my commitments for next week. They<br/>are as follows: Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00;
      Wednesday, Banstead<br/>(first lecture) at 7.30; Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The
      sec-<br/>ond Birmingham lecture is not until the following week.<br/>How I look
      forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where<br/>you say, of course. It
      will be terribly nice to see Clif-<br/>ford again too...<br/>I enclose a portrait
      of Dandylion that Hetty has just made.<br/>She is a little worried about it
      traveling by post as she<br/>fears for the fine detail (I think she means the
      whiskers)<br/>but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So,<br/>I
      hope it has traveled alright...<br/><br/>When we meet I must warn you Dandy
      will probably start, even<br/>while staggering under the weight of your bags,
      all your bags,<br/>talking about Belgian painters. Not because he knows so much,<br/>but
      because he is now able to pronounce them. I think, from<br/>the sound of one
      or two names, some of the painters must be<br/>owls. I am not mistaken I think?<br/><br/>Darling,
      do not worry. I hope Tiny is back. I love you<br/>and never cease thinking of
      you. I love you so much, you<br/>are my whole life.<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 1965
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a161282f-2007-4685-9a4e-47f8f216d15c.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8715359
    median_ratio: 0.871787
    max_ratio: 0.8767827
    min_ratio: 0.8656375
    total_ratio: 5.2292152
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.068397
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0408022
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1716263
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66968920
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751320
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5028234e+09
    started_on: 1.5028225e+09
    ended_on: 1.5028234e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025996e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039439e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5027552e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 878.5279999
    minutes_annotating: 14.6421333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      Blackheath 9 i 1951  Dearest Sylvia,

      Thank you so much for your letter this morning.  I know
      how anxious one does become:  I am sad to think how unhappy
      you must have been.  I do trust that you are better now.
      Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the
      matter of a job, and the fact that you are now painting again,
      will ease your mind.  It should do, my darling, my love, my
      beauty, my own.  I am so sorry for my part in disturbing
      you:  forgive me.  As you say, I like telegrams - but I was
      very disturbed to have such a serious one.  I am sorry not
      to have phoned you that evening when you were alone:  I wish
      I had been here so that I could have.

      Clifford's books for review sound very interesting.  I
      do hope there are not too many of them.  I expect there are.
      I am looking forward to his lecture very much.  By the way,
      perhaps I should tell you my commitments fot next week.  They
      are as follows:  Tuesday, T.G. at 3:00; Wednesday, Banstead
      (first lecture) at 7:30; Thursday, T.G. at 3:00.  The sec-
      ond Birmingham lecture is not until the following week.
      How I look forward to Monday:  I will meet you when and where
      you say of course.  It will be terribly nice to see Clif-
      ford again too...

      I enclose a portrait of Danylion that Hetty has just made.
      She is a little worried about it travelling by post as she
      fears for the fine detail (I think she means the whiskers)
      but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away.  So,
      I hope it has travelled alright...

      Iris wants me to send her some film and art articles:  there
      is just a chance Britania and Eve might use something.  It seems
      the editor feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggest-
      ions, and Iris thought of me.  The editor may think me too
      fancy (as there isn't time to write something specially) but
      it is worth trying.

      When we meet I must warn you Dandy will probably start , even
      while staggering under the weight of your bags, all your bags,
      talking about Belgian painters.  Not because he knows so much,
      but because he is now able to pronounce them.  I think, from
      the sound of one or two names some of the painters must be
      owls.  I am not mistaken I think?

      Darling, do not worry.  I hope Tiny is back.  I love you
      and never cease thinking of you.  I love you so much, you
      are my whole life,
      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath 9 i 1951  Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank you
      so much for your letter this morning.  I know<br/>how anxious one does become:  I
      am sad to think how unhappy<br/>you must have been.  I do trust that you are
      better now.<br/>Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the<br/>matter
      of a job, and the fact that you are now painting again,<br/>will ease your mind.  It
      should do, my darling, my love, my<br/>beauty, my own.  I am so sorry for my
      part in disturbing<br/>you:  forgive me.  As you say, I like telegrams - but
      I was<br/>very disturbed to have such a serious one.  I am sorry not<br/>to
      have phoned you that evening when you were alone:  I wish<br/>I had been here
      so that I could have.<br/><br/>Clifford''s books for review sound very interesting.  I<br/>do
      hope there are not too many of them.  I expect there are.<br/>I am looking forward
      to his lecture very much.  By the way,<br/>perhaps I should tell you my commitments
      fot next week.  They<br/>are as follows:  Tuesday, T.G. at 3:00; Wednesday,
      Banstead<br/>(first lecture) at 7:30; Thursday, T.G. at 3:00.  The sec-<br/>ond
      Birmingham lecture is not until the following week.<br/>How I look forward to
      Monday:  I will meet you when and where<br/>you say of course.  It will be terribly
      nice to see Clif-<br/>ford again too...<br/><br/>I enclose a portrait of Danylion
      that Hetty has just made.<br/>She is a little worried about it travelling by
      post as she<br/>fears for the fine detail (I think she means the whiskers)<br/>but
      Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away.  So,<br/>I hope it has travelled
      alright...<br/><br/>Iris wants me to send her some film and art articles:  there<br/>is
      just a chance Britania and Eve might use something.  It seems<br/>the editor
      feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggest-<br/>ions, and Iris thought
      of me.  The editor may think me too<br/>fancy (as there isn''t time to write
      something specially) but<br/>it is worth trying.<br/><br/>When we meet I must
      warn you Dandy will probably start , even<br/>while staggering under the weight
      of your bags, all your bags,<br/>talking about Belgian painters.  Not because
      he knows so much,<br/>but because he is now able to pronounce them.  I think,
      from<br/>the sound of one or two names some of the painters must be<br/>owls.  I
      am not mistaken I think?<br/><br/>Darling, do not worry.  I hope Tiny is back.  I
      love you<br/>and never cease thinking of you.  I love you so much, you<br/>are
      my whole life,<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2321
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a161282f-2007-4685-9a4e-47f8f216d15c.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9898098
    median_ratio: 0.989992
    max_ratio: 0.9971477
    min_ratio: 0.9811321
    total_ratio: 5.938859
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.068397
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0408022
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1716263
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67193397
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751320
    user_name: gailkoelker
    created_at: 1.5029296e+09
    started_on: 1.5029286e+09
    ended_on: 1.5029296e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025996e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039439e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502928e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1003.21
    minutes_annotating: 16.7201667
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath \n9 i 1951\nDearest Sylvia, \nThank you so much for
      your letter this morning. I know how anxious one does become: I am sad to think
      how unhappy you must have been. I do trust that you are better now. Perhaps
      the fact that you have successfully roused me in the matter of a job, and the
      fact that you are now painting again, will ease your mind. It should do, my
      darling, my love, my beauty, my own. I am so sorry for my part in disturbing
      you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams-but I was very disturbed to have
      such a serious one. I am sorry not to have phoned you that evening when you
      were alone: I wish I had been here so that I could have.\nClifford's books for
      review sound very interesting. I do hope there are not too many of them. I expect
      there are. I am looking forward to his lecture very much. By the way, perhaps
      I should tell you my commitments for next week. They are as follows: Tuesday,
      T.G. at 3.00; Wednesday, Banstead (first lecture) at 7.30; Thursday T.G. at
      3.00. The second Birmingham lecture is not until the following week. How I look
      forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where you say, of course. It will
      be terribly nice to see Clifford again too...\nI enclose a portrait of Dandylion
      that Hetty has just made. She is a little worried about it traveling by post
      as she fears for the \"fine detail\" (I think she means the whiskers) but Dandy
      says you ought to have it now, right away. So, I hope it has travelled alright...\nIris
      wants me to send her some film and art articles: there is just a chance \"Britania
      and Eve\" might use something. It seems the editor feels a change is due, asked
      the staff for suggestions, and Iris though of me. The editor may think me too
      fancy (as there isn't time to write something specially) but it is worth trying.
      \nWhen we meet I must warn you Dandy will start probably, even while staggering
      under the weight of your bags, all your bags, taking about Belgian painters.
      Not because he knows so much, but because he is now able to pronounce them.
      I think, from the sound of one or two names, some of the painters must be owls.
      I am not mistaken I think?\nDarling, do not worry. I hope Tiny is back. I love
      you and never cease thinking of you. I love you so much, you are my whole life.
      I love you Lawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath <br/>9 i 1951<br/>Dearest Sylvia, <br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter this morning. I know how anxious one does become:
      I am sad to think how unhappy you must have been. I do trust that you are better
      now. Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the matter of
      a job, and the fact that you are now painting again, will ease your mind. It
      should do, my darling, my love, my beauty, my own. I am so sorry for my part
      in disturbing you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams-but I was very disturbed
      to have such a serious one. I am sorry not to have phoned you that evening when
      you were alone: I wish I had been here so that I could have.<br/>Clifford''s
      books for review sound very interesting. I do hope there are not too many of
      them. I expect there are. I am looking forward to his lecture very much. By
      the way, perhaps I should tell you my commitments for next week. They are as
      follows: Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00; Wednesday, Banstead (first lecture) at 7.30;
      Thursday T.G. at 3.00. The second Birmingham lecture is not until the following
      week. How I look forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where you say,
      of course. It will be terribly nice to see Clifford again too...<br/>I enclose
      a portrait of Dandylion that Hetty has just made. She is a little worried about
      it traveling by post as she fears for the "fine detail" (I think she means the
      whiskers) but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So, I hope it
      has travelled alright...<br/>Iris wants me to send her some film and art articles:
      there is just a chance "Britania and Eve" might use something. It seems the
      editor feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggestions, and Iris though
      of me. The editor may think me too fancy (as there isn''t time to write something
      specially) but it is worth trying. <br/>When we meet I must warn you Dandy will
      start probably, even while staggering under the weight of your bags, all your
      bags, taking about Belgian painters. Not because he knows so much, but because
      he is now able to pronounce them. I think, from the sound of one or two names,
      some of the painters must be owls. I am not mistaken I think?<br/>Darling, do
      not worry. I hope Tiny is back. I love you and never cease thinking of you.
      I love you so much, you are my whole life. I love you Lawrence'
    charcount: 2283
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a161282f-2007-4685-9a4e-47f8f216d15c.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9873557
    median_ratio: 0.9880434
    max_ratio: 0.9914432
    min_ratio: 0.9777397
    total_ratio: 5.9241345
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.068397
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0408022
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1716263
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67929309
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751320
    user_name: SREM
    created_at: 1.5034566e+09
    started_on: 1.5034559e+09
    ended_on: 1.5034566e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025996e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039439e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5034464e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 645.5869999
    minutes_annotating: 10.7597833
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      9-i-1951

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Thank you so much for your letter this morning. I know how anxious one does become: I am sad to think how unhappy you must have been. I do trust that you are better now. Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the matter of a job, and the fact that you are now painting again, will ease your mind. It should do, my darling, my love, my beauty, my own. I am so sorry for my part in disturbing you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams - but I was very disturbed to have such a serious one. I am sorry not to have phoned you that evening when you were alone: I wish I had been here so that I could have.

      Clifford's books for review sound very interesting. I do hope there are not too many of them. I expect there are. I am looking forward to his lecture very much. By the way, perhaps I should tell you my commitments for next week. They are as follows: Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00; Wednesday, Banstead (first lecture) at 7:30; Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The second Birmingham lecture is not until the following week. How I look forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where you say, of course. It will be terribly nice to see Clifford again too...

      I enclose a portrait of Dandylion that Hetty has just made. She is a little worried about it travelling by post as she fears for the fine detail (I think she means the whiskers) but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So, I hope it has travelled alright...

      Iris wants me to send her some film and art articles: there is just a chance Britania and Eve might use something. It seems the editor feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggestions, and Iris thought of me. The editor may think me too fancy (as there isn't time to write something specially) but it is worth trying.

      When we meet I must warn you Dandy will probably start, even while staggering under the weight of your bags, all your bags, talking about Belgian painters. Not because he knows so much, but because he is now able to pronounce them. I think, from the sound of one or two names, some of the painters must be owls. I am not mistaken I think?

      Darling, do not worry. I hope Tiny is back. I love you and never cease thinking of you. I love you so much,  you are my whole life,

      I love you

      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9-i-1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter this morning. I know how anxious one does become:
      I am sad to think how unhappy you must have been. I do trust that you are better
      now. Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the matter of
      a job, and the fact that you are now painting again, will ease your mind. It
      should do, my darling, my love, my beauty, my own. I am so sorry for my part
      in disturbing you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams - but I was very
      disturbed to have such a serious one. I am sorry not to have phoned you that
      evening when you were alone: I wish I had been here so that I could have.<br/><br/>Clifford''s
      books for review sound very interesting. I do hope there are not too many of
      them. I expect there are. I am looking forward to his lecture very much. By
      the way, perhaps I should tell you my commitments for next week. They are as
      follows: Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00; Wednesday, Banstead (first lecture) at 7:30;
      Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The second Birmingham lecture is not until the following
      week. How I look forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where you say,
      of course. It will be terribly nice to see Clifford again too...<br/><br/>I
      enclose a portrait of Dandylion that Hetty has just made. She is a little worried
      about it travelling by post as she fears for the fine detail (I think she means
      the whiskers) but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So, I hope
      it has travelled alright...<br/><br/>Iris wants me to send her some film and
      art articles: there is just a chance Britania and Eve might use something. It
      seems the editor feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggestions, and
      Iris thought of me. The editor may think me too fancy (as there isn''t time
      to write something specially) but it is worth trying.<br/><br/>When we meet
      I must warn you Dandy will probably start, even while staggering under the weight
      of your bags, all your bags, talking about Belgian painters. Not because he
      knows so much, but because he is now able to pronounce them. I think, from the
      sound of one or two names, some of the painters must be owls. I am not mistaken
      I think?<br/><br/>Darling, do not worry. I hope Tiny is back. I love you and
      never cease thinking of you. I love you so much,  you are my whole life,<br/><br/>I
      love you<br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2292
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a161282f-2007-4685-9a4e-47f8f216d15c.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9920797
    median_ratio: 0.9930906
    max_ratio: 1.0
    min_ratio: 0.9839909
    total_ratio: 5.9524779
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.068397
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0408022
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1716263
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68506656
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751320
    user_name: starlantern
    created_at: 1.5039439e+09
    started_on: 1.5039434e+09
    ended_on: 1.5039439e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025996e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039439e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5038784e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 563.2389998
    minutes_annotating: 9.3873167
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n9 i 1951\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you so much
      for your letter this morning. I know how anxious one does become: I am sad to
      think how unhappy you must have been. I do trust that you are better now. Perhaps
      the fact that you have successfully roused me in the matter of a job, and the
      fact that you are now painting again, will ease your mind. It should do, my
      darling, my love, my beauty, my own. I am so sorry for my part in disturbing
      you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams - but i was very disturbed to
      have such a serious one. I am sorry not to have phoned you that evening when
      you were alone: I wish I had been here so that I could have. \n\nClifford's
      books for review sound very interesting. I do hope there are not too many of
      them. I expect there are. I am looking forward to his lecture very much. By
      the way, perhaps I should tell you my commitments for next week. They are as
      follows: Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00; Wednesday, Banstead (first lecture) at 7.30;
      Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The second Birmingham lecture is not until the following
      week. How I look forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where you say,
      of course. It will be terribly nice to see Clifford again too...\n\nI enclose
      a portrait of Dandylion that Hetty has just made. She is a little worried about
      it travelling by post as she fears for the fine detail (I think she means the
      whiskers) but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So, I hope it
      has travelled alright...\n\nIris wants me to send her some film and art articles:
      there is just a chance Britania and Eve might use something. It seems the editor
      feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggestions, and Iris thought of
      me. The editor may think me too fancy (as there isn't time to write something
      specially) but it is worth [unclear]trying[/unclear].\n\nWhen we meet I must
      warn you Dandy will probably start, even while staggering under the weight of
      your bags, all your bags, talking about Belgian painters. Not because he knows
      so much, but because he is now able to pronounce them. I think, from the sound
      of one or two names, some of the painters must be owls. I am not mistaken I
      think?\n\nDarling, do not worry. I hope Tiny is back. I love you and never cease
      thinking of you. I love you so much, you are my whole life,\n\nI love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 i 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter this morning. I know how anxious one does become:
      I am sad to think how unhappy you must have been. I do trust that you are better
      now. Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the matter of
      a job, and the fact that you are now painting again, will ease your mind. It
      should do, my darling, my love, my beauty, my own. I am so sorry for my part
      in disturbing you: forgive me. As you say, I like telegrams - but i was very
      disturbed to have such a serious one. I am sorry not to have phoned you that
      evening when you were alone: I wish I had been here so that I could have. <br/><br/>Clifford''s
      books for review sound very interesting. I do hope there are not too many of
      them. I expect there are. I am looking forward to his lecture very much. By
      the way, perhaps I should tell you my commitments for next week. They are as
      follows: Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00; Wednesday, Banstead (first lecture) at 7.30;
      Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The second Birmingham lecture is not until the following
      week. How I look forward to Monday: I will meet you when and where you say,
      of course. It will be terribly nice to see Clifford again too...<br/><br/>I
      enclose a portrait of Dandylion that Hetty has just made. She is a little worried
      about it travelling by post as she fears for the fine detail (I think she means
      the whiskers) but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away. So, I hope
      it has travelled alright...<br/><br/>Iris wants me to send her some film and
      art articles: there is just a chance Britania and Eve might use something. It
      seems the editor feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggestions, and
      Iris thought of me. The editor may think me too fancy (as there isn''t time
      to write something specially) but it is worth trying.<br/><br/>When we meet
      I must warn you Dandy will probably start, even while staggering under the weight
      of your bags, all your bags, talking about Belgian painters. Not because he
      knows so much, but because he is now able to pronounce them. I think, from the
      sound of one or two names, some of the painters must be owls. I am not mistaken
      I think?<br/><br/>Darling, do not worry. I hope Tiny is back. I love you and
      never cease thinking of you. I love you so much, you are my whole life,<br/><br/>I
      love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2291
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a161282f-2007-4685-9a4e-47f8f216d15c.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9920797
    median_ratio: 0.9930906
    max_ratio: 1.0
    min_ratio: 0.9839909
    total_ratio: 5.9524779
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.068397
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0408022
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1716263
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68557647
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751320
    user_name: Chris5420
    created_at: 1.5039879e+09
    started_on: 1.5039849e+09
    ended_on: 1.5039878e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 4.4.2; GT-P5210 Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.107 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025996e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039439e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5039648e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2923.882
    minutes_annotating: 48.7313667
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 4.4.2; GT-P5210 Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.107 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Android
    os.major: '4'
    os.minor: '4'
    device.family: Samsung GT-P5210
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: '2'
    device.brand: Samsung
    device.model: GT-P5210
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      9 i 1951
      Dearest Sylvia,

      Thank you so much for your letter this morning.  I know
      how anxious one does become: I am sad to think how unhappy
      you must have been.  I do trust that you are better now.
      Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the
      matter of a job, and the fact that you are now painting again,
      will ease your mind. It should do, my darling, my love, my
      beauty, my own.  I am so sorry for my part in disturbing
      you: forgive me. As you say I like telegrams - but  I was

      very disturbed to have such a serious one..  I am sorry not
      to have phoned you that evening when you were alone:  I wish
      I had been there so I could have.

      Clifford's books for review sound very interesting.  I
      do hope there are not too many of them.   I expect there are.
      I am looking forward to his lecture very much.  By the way,
      perhaps I should tell you  my commitments for next week. They
      are as follows:   Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00;  Wednesday, Banstead
      (first lecture) at7.30; Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The sec-
      cond Birmingham lecture is not until the following week.
      How I look forward to Monday;  I will meet you when and where
      you say, of course.  It will be terribly nice to see Clif-
      ford again too...

      I enclose a portrait of Dandylion that Hetty just made.
      She is a little worried abou it travelling by post as she
      fears for the fine detail ( I think she means the whiskers)
      but Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away.  So,
      I hope it has travelled alright...

      Iris wants me to send her some film and art articles:  there
      is just a chance Brittania and Eve might use something.  It seems
      the editor feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggset-
      ions, and Iris thought of me.  The editor may think me too
      fancy (as there isn't time to write something specially) but
      it is worth trying.

      When we meet I must warn you that Dandy will probably start, even
      while staggering  under the weight of your bags, all your bags,
      talking about Belgian painters. Not because he knows so much,
      but because he is now able to pronounce them.  I think, from
      the sound of one or two names, some of the painters must be
      owls.  I am not mistaken I think?

      Darling do not worry.  I hope Tiny is back.  I love you
      and never cease thinking of you.  I love you so much, you
      are my whole life,
      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 i 1951<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter this morning.  I know<br/>how anxious one does become:
      I am sad to think how unhappy<br/>you must have been.  I do trust that you are
      better now.<br/>Perhaps the fact that you have successfully roused me in the<br/>matter
      of a job, and the fact that you are now painting again,<br/>will ease your mind.
      It should do, my darling, my love, my<br/>beauty, my own.  I am so sorry for
      my part in disturbing<br/>you: forgive me. As you say I like telegrams - but  I
      was<br/><br/>very disturbed to have such a serious one..  I am sorry not<br/>to
      have phoned you that evening when you were alone:  I wish<br/>I had been there
      so I could have.<br/><br/>Clifford''s books for review sound very interesting.  I<br/>do
      hope there are not too many of them.   I expect there are.<br/>I am looking
      forward to his lecture very much.  By the way,<br/>perhaps I should tell you  my
      commitments for next week. They<br/>are as follows:   Tuesday, T.G. at 3.00;  Wednesday,
      Banstead<br/>(first lecture) at7.30; Thursday, T.G. at 3.00. The sec-<br/>cond
      Birmingham lecture is not until the following week.<br/>How I look forward to
      Monday;  I will meet you when and where<br/>you say, of course.  It will be
      terribly nice to see Clif-<br/>ford again too...<br/><br/>I enclose a portrait
      of Dandylion that Hetty just made.<br/>She is a little worried abou it travelling
      by post as she<br/>fears for the fine detail ( I think she means the whiskers)<br/>but
      Dandy says you ought to have it now, right away.  So,<br/>I hope it has travelled
      alright...<br/><br/>Iris wants me to send her some film and art articles:  there<br/>is
      just a chance Brittania and Eve might use something.  It seems<br/>the editor
      feels a change is due, asked the staff for suggset-<br/>ions, and Iris thought
      of me.  The editor may think me too<br/>fancy (as there isn''t time to write
      something specially) but<br/>it is worth trying.<br/><br/>When we meet I must
      warn you that Dandy will probably start, even<br/>while staggering  under the
      weight of your bags, all your bags,<br/>talking about Belgian painters. Not
      because he knows so much,<br/>but because he is now able to pronounce them.  I
      think, from<br/>the sound of one or two names, some of the painters must be<br/>owls.  I
      am not mistaken I think?<br/><br/>Darling do not worry.  I hope Tiny is back.  I
      love you<br/>and never cease thinking of you.  I love you so much, you<br/>are
      my whole life,<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2318
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a161282f-2007-4685-9a4e-47f8f216d15c.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9791779
    median_ratio: 0.9809448
    max_ratio: 0.9845978
    min_ratio: 0.9685535
    total_ratio: 5.8750672
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.068397
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0408022
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1716263
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f01_001.jpg

---
