---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 68958968
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: tmeconverse
    created_at: 1.5043724e+09
    started_on: 1.504371e+09
    ended_on: 1.5043724e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5043104e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1390.1680002
    minutes_annotating: 23.1694667
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "[15-9-52]\nBlackheath\nMonday\n\nMy dearest Sylvia,\n   You
      can, of course, disregard my last letter about the Sec. Soc. for C. \nhas now
      sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the \nlecture and
      the article are off.  I note with regret that the Journal must \nend - how every
      disappointing.\n   I enclose, but do not show Cl, of course, a caricature of
      the kind of \nnotice Haine was given in The Londoner's Diary.  In fact the sentences
      \nhe quotes are taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip
      \nnotes.  However, Molly tells me The Times gave him a decent notice.\n   Also
      enclosed is the giants poem.  I hope you like it.  I hope you will \nnot focus
      on the note of something approaching, well, 'social conscious'  \nat the end.\n
      \  How are you feeling now?  I was concerned to read of your bad \nnights and,
      also, of your cold.  I do certainly hope this is not too bad.  \nHas it gone?
      \ At least - it is going?\n   For myself, my glands are still up but they do
      not cause any dis-\ncomfort.  I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not
      to move \nabout lectures town and home more than the absolute minimum.\n   What
      are you painting, I wonder?  Perhaps Armida, perhaps some \npansies, for if
      you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will \nnot have had much opportunity
      to paint out.  You would really be \n'braving the elements', as I expect George
      (your mother-in-law) would say.  \nOur weekend with Clare will be so nice -
      a chance to go through all \nyour work again.  Marvelous.  I can barely wait:
      \ nor can I wait \nto see you.  Oh how impatient I am to see you, to be with
      you, again, \nmy love, my love.\n    Lion is disappointed about the lecture
      but the work I have done will be \nvery useful to me.  Groddeck, by the way,
      was much less interesting than\nI thought when I came to read him closely.  Terribly
      irrational and intuitive, I'm \nafraid, tho' he would say - just the sterile
      objections to be expected in \nthe 20C!\n   My poem about birthdays comes very
      slowly as there is an intricate \nrhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon.
      \ I expect it will be about 60 lines.\n        I love you dearly\n              love
      you\n                   Lawrence\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[15-9-52]<br/>Blackheath<br/>Monday<br/><br/>My dearest
      Sylvia,<br/>   You can, of course, disregard my last letter about the Sec. Soc.
      for C. <br/>has now sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that
      the <br/>lecture and the article are off.  I note with regret that the Journal
      must <br/>end - how every disappointing.<br/>   I enclose, but do not show Cl,
      of course, a caricature of the kind of <br/>notice Haine was given in The Londoner''s
      Diary.  In fact the sentences <br/>he quotes are taken from the Standard and
      the News Chronicle obituary - gossip <br/>notes.  However, Molly tells me The
      Times gave him a decent notice.<br/>   Also enclosed is the giants poem.  I
      hope you like it.  I hope you will <br/>not focus on the note of something approaching,
      well, ''social conscious''  <br/>at the end.<br/>   How are you feeling now?  I
      was concerned to read of your bad <br/>nights and, also, of your cold.  I do
      certainly hope this is not too bad.  <br/>Has it gone?  At least - it is going?<br/>   For
      myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause any dis-<br/>comfort.  I
      shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move <br/>about lectures town
      and home more than the absolute minimum.<br/>   What are you painting, I wonder?  Perhaps
      Armida, perhaps some <br/>pansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we
      have had, you will <br/>not have had much opportunity to paint out.  You would
      really be <br/>''braving the elements'', as I expect George (your mother-in-law)
      would say.  <br/>Our weekend with Clare will be so nice - a chance to go through
      all <br/>your work again.  Marvelous.  I can barely wait:  nor can I wait <br/>to
      see you.  Oh how impatient I am to see you, to be with you, again, <br/>my love,
      my love.<br/>    Lion is disappointed about the lecture but the work I have
      done will be <br/>very useful to me.  Groddeck, by the way, was much less interesting
      than<br/>I thought when I came to read him closely.  Terribly irrational and
      intuitive, I''m <br/>afraid, tho'' he would say - just the sterile objections
      to be expected in <br/>the 20C!<br/>   My poem about birthdays comes very slowly
      as there is an intricate <br/>rhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon.  I
      expect it will be about 60 lines.<br/>        I love you dearly<br/>              love
      you<br/>                   Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2189
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9240846
    median_ratio: 0.9587242
    max_ratio: 0.969906
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.3167611
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71422716
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: Zooniverse2017
    created_at: 1.50602e+09
    started_on: 1.5060181e+09
    ended_on: 1.50602e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.91 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.505952e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1990.6350002
    minutes_annotating: 33.17725
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.91 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath [15-9-52]\nMonday\n\nMy dearest Sylvia,\nYou can,
      of course, disregard my last letter about the Sex. Sor. for C.\nhas now sent
      me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the\nlecture and the article
      are off. I note with regret that the Journal must\nend - how very disappointing.\nI
      enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the kind of\nnotice
      Maine was given in The Londoner's Diary. In fact the sentences\nhe quotes are
      taken from The Standard and the New Chronicle obituary-gossip\nrates. However,
      Mally tells me The Times gave him a decent notice.\nAlso enclosed is the giants
      poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will\nnot frown on the note of something
      approaching, well, \"social [unclear]concern[/unclear]\"\nat the end.\nHow are
      you feeling now? I was concerned to read of your bad\nnights and, also, of your
      cold. I do certainly hope this is not too bad.\nHas it gone? At least - it is
      going?\nFor myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause any dis-\ncomfort.
      I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to [unclear]wane about lecture
      times[/unclear] and have more than the absolutel minimum.\nWhat are you painting
      I wonder? Perhaps Armida, perhaps some\nRamsey, for if you have had the kind
      of weather we have had, you will\nnot have had much opportunities to paint out.
      You would really be\n'framing the elements', as I expect George (your wattle
      in law) would say. \nOur weekend with Chase will be so nice - a chance to go
      through all\nyour work again. Marvellous. I can barely wait: nor can I wait\nto
      see you, oh how impatient I am to see you, to be with you, again,\nmy love,
      my love.\nLion is disappointed about the lecture but the work I have done will
      be\nvery useful to me. Groddech, by the way, was much less interesting than\nI
      thought when I came to read him closer. Terribly irritating and intuitive, I'm\nafraid
      tho' he would say - just the [unclear]strict[/unclear] objections to be excepted
      in\nthe 20c!\nMy poem about birthday comes very slowly as there is an intricate\nrhyming
      scheme, but you shall see it soon. I expect it will be about 60\nlines.\n\nI
      love you dearly\nI love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 3
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath [15-9-52]<br/>Monday<br/><br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>You
      can, of course, disregard my last letter about the Sex. Sor. for C.<br/>has
      now sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the<br/>lecture
      and the article are off. I note with regret that the Journal must<br/>end -
      how very disappointing.<br/>I enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature
      of the kind of<br/>notice Maine was given in The Londoner''s Diary. In fact
      the sentences<br/>he quotes are taken from The Standard and the New Chronicle
      obituary-gossip<br/>rates. However, Mally tells me The Times gave him a decent
      notice.<br/>Also enclosed is the giants poem. I hope you like it. I hope you
      will<br/>not frown on the note of something approaching, well, "social concern"<br/>at
      the end.<br/>How are you feeling now? I was concerned to read of your bad<br/>nights
      and, also, of your cold. I do certainly hope this is not too bad.<br/>Has it
      gone? At least - it is going?<br/>For myself, my glands are still up but they
      do not cause any dis-<br/>comfort. I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan
      not to wane about lecture times and have more than the absolutel minimum.<br/>What
      are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Armida, perhaps some<br/>Ramsey, for if you
      have had the kind of weather we have had, you will<br/>not have had much opportunities
      to paint out. You would really be<br/>''framing the elements'', as I expect
      George (your wattle in law) would say. <br/>Our weekend with Chase will be so
      nice - a chance to go through all<br/>your work again. Marvellous. I can barely
      wait: nor can I wait<br/>to see you, oh how impatient I am to see you, to be
      with you, again,<br/>my love, my love.<br/>Lion is disappointed about the lecture
      but the work I have done will be<br/>very useful to me. Groddech, by the way,
      was much less interesting than<br/>I thought when I came to read him closer.
      Terribly irritating and intuitive, I''m<br/>afraid tho'' he would say - just
      the strict objections to be excepted in<br/>the 20c!<br/>My poem about birthday
      comes very slowly as there is an intricate<br/>rhyming scheme, but you shall
      see it soon. I expect it will be about 60<br/>lines.<br/><br/>I love you dearly<br/>I
      love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2075
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8910547
    median_ratio: 0.9161976
    max_ratio: 0.9249211
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.0194923
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71550833
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: wrightj2h
    created_at: 1.5061118e+09
    started_on: 1.5060352e+09
    ended_on: 1.5061118e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5060384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 76672.0970001
    minutes_annotating: 1277.8682833
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '10'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "15.9.52\nBlackheath\nMonday\nMy Dearest Sylvia\nYou can, of
      course, disregard my last letter, about the Sec. Soc., for C. has now sent me
      a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the article
      are off. I note with regret that the journal [unclear]must[/unclear] end - how
      very disappointing. \nI enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature
      of the kind of notice Haine was given in The Londoner's Diary. In fact the sentences
      in quotes are taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip
      rather. However, Molly tells me The Times gave him a decent notice.\nAlso enclosed
      is the [unclear]giants[/unclear] poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will not
      frown on the note of something approaching, well, 'social conscience' at the
      end.\nHow are you feeling now? I was concerned to read of your bad nights and,
      also, of your cold. I do certainly hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At
      least - is it going?\nFor myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause
      any discomfort. I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about
      [unclear]between[/unclear] town and have more than the absolute minimum.\nWhat
      are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Animals, perhaps some pansies, for if you
      have had the kind of weather we have had, you will not have had much opportunity
      to paint out. You would really be 'braving the elements', as I expect George
      \ (your [unclear]mother-in-law[/unclear]) would say. Our weekend with Chase
      will be so nice - a chance to go through all your work again. Marvellous. I
      can barely wait; nor can I wait to see you, oh how impatient I am to see you,
      to be with you, again, my love, my love.\nLion is disappointed about the lecture
      but the work I have done will be very useful to me. [unclear]Grodded[/unclear],
      by the way, was much less interesting than I thought when I came to read him
      closely. Terribly irrational and intuitive, I'm afraid, tho' he woud say - just
      the sterile objections to be expected in the 20thC!\nMy poem about birthday
      comes very slowly as there is an intricate rhyming scheme, but you shall see
      it soon. I expect it will be about 10 lines.\nI love you dearly\nlove you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 5
    clean_transcription: 15.9.52<br/>Blackheath<br/>Monday<br/>My Dearest Sylvia<br/>You
      can, of course, disregard my last letter, about the Sec. Soc., for C. has now
      sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the
      article are off. I note with regret that the journal must end - how very disappointing.
      <br/>I enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the kind of notice
      Haine was given in The Londoner's Diary. In fact the sentences in quotes are
      taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip rather. However,
      Molly tells me The Times gave him a decent notice.<br/>Also enclosed is the
      giants poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will not frown on the note of something
      approaching, well, 'social conscience' at the end.<br/>How are you feeling now?
      I was concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold. I do certainly
      hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At least - is it going?<br/>For myself,
      my glands are still up but they do not cause any discomfort. I shall lecture
      as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and have more than
      the absolute minimum.<br/>What are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Animals, perhaps
      some pansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will
      not have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really be 'braving the
      elements', as I expect George  (your mother-in-law) would say. Our weekend with
      Chase will be so nice - a chance to go through all your work again. Marvellous.
      I can barely wait; nor can I wait to see you, oh how impatient I am to see you,
      to be with you, again, my love, my love.<br/>Lion is disappointed about the
      lecture but the work I have done will be very useful to me. Grodded, by the
      way, was much less interesting than I thought when I came to read him closely.
      Terribly irrational and intuitive, I'm afraid, tho' he woud say - just the sterile
      objections to be expected in the 20thC!<br/>My poem about birthday comes very
      slowly as there is an intricate rhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon. I
      expect it will be about 10 lines.<br/>I love you dearly<br/>love you<br/>Lawrence
    charcount: 2077
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9246418
    median_ratio: 0.9612258
    max_ratio: 0.9728707
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.3217765
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72988642
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: mdlincoln
    created_at: 1.5071435e+09
    started_on: 1.5071428e+09
    ended_on: 1.5071435e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5070752e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 753.4749999
    minutes_annotating: 12.5579167
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath [15-9-52]\nMonday\nMy dearest Sylvia,\nYou can, of
      course, disregard my my last letter about the sex. Soc. for C.\nhas now sent
      me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the\nlecture and the article
      are off. I note with regret that the Journal must\nend - how very disappointing.\n\nI
      enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the lord of\nnature
      Haine was given in The Londoners Dairy. In fact the sentences\nin quotes are
      taken from the Standard and the New Chronicle obituary - grouping\nnotes. However,
      Molly tells me The Times gave hi a decent notice.\n\nAlso enclosed is the giants
      poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will\nnot frame on the note of something
      approaching, well, 'social concessions'\nat the end.\n\nHow are you feeling
      now? I was concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold. I do
      certainly hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At least - it is going?\n\nFor
      myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause any discomfort.\nI shall
      lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and home
      more than the absolute minimum.\n\nWhat are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Armida,
      perhaps some nannies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you
      will \nnot have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really be\n'braving
      the elements', as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say.\nOur weekend
      with Chare will be so noce - a chance to go through all\nyour work again. Marvelous.
      I can barely wait: nor can I wait\nto see you. Oh how impatient I am to see
      you, to be with you, again,\nmy love, my love.\n\nLeon is disappointed about
      the lecture but the work I have done will be\nvery useful to me. Groddech, by
      the way, was much less interesting that\nI thought when I heard him clearly.
      Terribly irrational and intuitive, I'm\nafraid so' he woudl say - just as stark
      objections to be expected in\nthe 20c!\n\nMy poe about birthday comes very slowly
      as one is an intricate rhyming cheme, but you shall see it soon. I  expect it
      will be bout 60\nlines.\n\nI love you dearly\nlove you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath [15-9-52]<br/>Monday<br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>You
      can, of course, disregard my my last letter about the sex. Soc. for C.<br/>has
      now sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the<br/>lecture
      and the article are off. I note with regret that the Journal must<br/>end -
      how very disappointing.<br/><br/>I enclose, but do not show C., of course, a
      caricature of the lord of<br/>nature Haine was given in The Londoners Dairy.
      In fact the sentences<br/>in quotes are taken from the Standard and the New
      Chronicle obituary - grouping<br/>notes. However, Molly tells me The Times gave
      hi a decent notice.<br/><br/>Also enclosed is the giants poem. I hope you like
      it. I hope you will<br/>not frame on the note of something approaching, well,
      ''social concessions''<br/>at the end.<br/><br/>How are you feeling now? I was
      concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold. I do certainly
      hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At least - it is going?<br/><br/>For
      myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause any discomfort.<br/>I shall
      lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and home
      more than the absolute minimum.<br/><br/>What are you painting I wonder? Perhaps
      Armida, perhaps some nannies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have
      had, you will <br/>not have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really
      be<br/>''braving the elements'', as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would
      say.<br/>Our weekend with Chare will be so noce - a chance to go through all<br/>your
      work again. Marvelous. I can barely wait: nor can I wait<br/>to see you. Oh
      how impatient I am to see you, to be with you, again,<br/>my love, my love.<br/><br/>Leon
      is disappointed about the lecture but the work I have done will be<br/>very
      useful to me. Groddech, by the way, was much less interesting that<br/>I thought
      when I heard him clearly. Terribly irrational and intuitive, I''m<br/>afraid
      so'' he woudl say - just as stark objections to be expected in<br/>the 20c!<br/><br/>My
      poe about birthday comes very slowly as one is an intricate rhyming cheme, but
      you shall see it soon. I  expect it will be bout 60<br/>lines.<br/><br/>I love
      you dearly<br/>love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2069
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8946927
    median_ratio: 0.9174484
    max_ratio: 0.9318612
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.0522343
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 73557509
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: glt
    created_at: 1.5074663e+09
    started_on: 1.5074655e+09
    ended_on: 1.5074663e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5074208e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 827.7620001
    minutes_annotating: 13.7960333
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      [15-9-52]

      Blackheath
      Monday

      My dearest Sylvia,

      You can, of course, disregard my last letter about the Sec. Soc. for C. has now sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the article are off. I note with regret that the Journal must end - how very disappointing.
      I enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the kind of notice [unclear]Haine[/unclear] was given in The Londoner's Diary. In fact the sentences in quotes are taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip rates.  However, Molly tell me The Times gave him a decent notice.
      Also enclosed is the giants poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will not frown on the note of something approaching, well, 'social conscience' at the end.
      How are you feeling now? I was concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold. I do certainly hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At least - it is going?
      For myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause any discomfort. I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about lectures town and home more than the absolute minimum.
      What are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Armida, perhaps some pansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will not have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really be 'braving the elements', as I expect George (your mother-in-law) wld. say. Our weekend with Chase will be so nice - a chance to go through all your work again. Marvellous. I can barely wait: nor can I wait to see you. Oh how impatient I am to see you, to be with you, again, my love, my love.
      Lion is disappointed about the lecture but the work I have done will be very useful to me. Groddeck, by the way, was much less interesting than I thought when I cam to read him closely. Terribly irrational and intuitive, I'm afraid, tho' he would say - just the sterile objections to be expected in the 20s!
      My poem about birthdays comes very slowly as there is an intricate rhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon. I expect it will be about 60 lines.

      I love you dearly
      Love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '[15-9-52]<br/><br/>Blackheath<br/>Monday<br/><br/>My dearest
      Sylvia,<br/><br/>You can, of course, disregard my last letter about the Sec.
      Soc. for C. has now sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that
      the lecture and the article are off. I note with regret that the Journal must
      end - how very disappointing.<br/>I enclose, but do not show C., of course,
      a caricature of the kind of notice Haine was given in The Londoner''s Diary.
      In fact the sentences in quotes are taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle
      obituary - gossip rates.  However, Molly tell me The Times gave him a decent
      notice.<br/>Also enclosed is the giants poem. I hope you like it. I hope you
      will not frown on the note of something approaching, well, ''social conscience''
      at the end.<br/>How are you feeling now? I was concerned to read of your bad
      nights and, also, of your cold. I do certainly hope this is not too bad. Has
      it gone? At least - it is going?<br/>For myself, my glands are still up but
      they do not cause any discomfort. I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan
      not to move about lectures town and home more than the absolute minimum.<br/>What
      are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Armida, perhaps some pansies, for if you
      have had the kind of weather we have had, you will not have had much opportunity
      to paint out. You would really be ''braving the elements'', as I expect George
      (your mother-in-law) wld. say. Our weekend with Chase will be so nice - a chance
      to go through all your work again. Marvellous. I can barely wait: nor can I
      wait to see you. Oh how impatient I am to see you, to be with you, again, my
      love, my love.<br/>Lion is disappointed about the lecture but the work I have
      done will be very useful to me. Groddeck, by the way, was much less interesting
      than I thought when I cam to read him closely. Terribly irrational and intuitive,
      I''m afraid, tho'' he would say - just the sterile objections to be expected
      in the 20s!<br/>My poem about birthdays comes very slowly as there is an intricate
      rhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon. I expect it will be about 60 lines.<br/><br/>I
      love you dearly<br/>Love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2079
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9311292
    median_ratio: 0.971232
    max_ratio: 0.9785489
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.3801624
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 73780048
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: ChaoticK
    created_at: 1.5076053e+09
    started_on: 1.5076041e+09
    ended_on: 1.5076053e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_9_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5075936e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1206.862
    minutes_annotating: 20.1143667
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_9_5) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '9'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      [15-9-52] Blackheath Monday My dearest Sylvia, You can, of course, disregard my last letter about the Sex. Soc. for C. has now sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the article are off. I note with regret that the Journal must end - how very disappointing. I enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the laid of notice Haire was given in The Londoner's Diary. In fact the sentences in quotes are taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip notes. However, Mally tells me The Times gave him a decent notice. Also enclosed is the giants poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will not frown on the note of something approaching, well, 'social conscience' at the end. How are you feeling now? I was concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold. I do certainly hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At least - it is going? For myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause any dis- comfort. I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and home more than the absolute minimum. What are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Armida, perhaps some pansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will not have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really be 'braving the elements', as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say. Our weekend with Chare will be so nice - a chance to go through all your work again. Marvellous. I can barely wait: nor can I wait to see you. Oh how impatient I am to see you, to be with you, again, my love, my love.
      lion is disappointed about the lecture but the work I have done will be very useful to me. [unclear]Groddech[/unclear], by the way, was much less interesting than I thought when I came to read him closely. Terribly irrational and intuitive, I'm afraid, tho' he would say - just the [unclear]sterile[/unclear] objections to be expected in the 20s! My poem about birthdays comes very slowly as there is an intricate rhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon. I expect it will be about 60 lines. I love you dearly I love you Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: '[15-9-52] Blackheath Monday My dearest Sylvia, You can,
      of course, disregard my last letter about the Sex. Soc. for C. has now sent
      me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the article
      are off. I note with regret that the Journal must end - how very disappointing.
      I enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the laid of notice
      Haire was given in The Londoner''s Diary. In fact the sentences in quotes are
      taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip notes. However,
      Mally tells me The Times gave him a decent notice. Also enclosed is the giants
      poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will not frown on the note of something
      approaching, well, ''social conscience'' at the end. How are you feeling now?
      I was concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold. I do certainly
      hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At least - it is going? For myself, my
      glands are still up but they do not cause any dis- comfort. I shall lecture
      as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and home more than
      the absolute minimum. What are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Armida, perhaps
      some pansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will
      not have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really be ''braving the
      elements'', as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say. Our weekend with
      Chare will be so nice - a chance to go through all your work again. Marvellous.
      I can barely wait: nor can I wait to see you. Oh how impatient I am to see you,
      to be with you, again, my love, my love.<br/>lion is disappointed about the
      lecture but the work I have done will be very useful to me. Groddech, by the
      way, was much less interesting than I thought when I came to read him closely.
      Terribly irrational and intuitive, I''m afraid, tho'' he would say - just the
      sterile objections to be expected in the 20s! My poem about birthdays comes
      very slowly as there is an intricate rhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon.
      I expect it will be about 60 lines. I love you dearly I love you Lawrence'
    charcount: 2079
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9328719
    median_ratio: 0.9649781
    max_ratio: 0.9806008
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.3958471
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74026958
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: mar15ted
    created_at: 1.5077421e+09
    started_on: 1.5077412e+09
    ended_on: 1.5077421e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.50768e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 910.0149999
    minutes_annotating: 15.1669167
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: 'Blackheath [15-9-52] Monday My dearest Sylvia, You can, of course,
      disregard my last letter about the Sec. Soc. for C. has now sent me a letter,
      which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the article are off.  I
      note with regret that the Journal must end - how very disappointing.  I enclose,
      but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the kind of notice Haine was
      given in The Londoner''s Diary.  In fact the sentences in quotes are taken from
      the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip notes.  However, Molly
      tells me the Times gave him a decent notice.  Also enclosed is the giants poem.  I
      hope you like it.  I hope you will not frown on the note of something approaching,
      well, ''social conscience'' at the end.  How are you feeling now?  I was concerned
      to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold.  I do certainly hope this
      is not too bad.  Has it gone?  At least it is going?  For myself, my glands
      are still up but they do not cause any discomfort.  I shall lecture as usual
      tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and home more than the absolute
      minimum.  What are you painting I wonder?  Perhaps Armida, perhaps some  pansies,
      for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will not have had much
      opportunity to paint out.  You would really be ''braving the elements'', as
      I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say.  Our weekend with Chase will
      be so nice - a chance to go through all your work again.  Marvellous.  I can
      barely wait: nor can I wait to see you.  Oh how impatient I am to see you, to
      be with you, again, my love, my love.  Lion is disappointed about the lecture
      but the work I have done will be very useful to me.  Groddeck, by the way, was
      much less interesting when I came to read him closely.  Terribly irrational
      and intuitive.  I''m afraid tho'' he would say just the sterile objections to
      be expected in the 20c!  My poem about birthday comes very slowly as there is
      an intricate rhyming scheme but you shall see it soon.  I expect it will be
      about 60 lines.  I love you dearly.  Love you Lawrence'
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath [15-9-52] Monday My dearest Sylvia, You can,
      of course, disregard my last letter about the Sec. Soc. for C. has now sent
      me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the article
      are off.  I note with regret that the Journal must end - how very disappointing.  I
      enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the kind of notice Haine
      was given in The Londoner''s Diary.  In fact the sentences in quotes are taken
      from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip notes.  However,
      Molly tells me the Times gave him a decent notice.  Also enclosed is the giants
      poem.  I hope you like it.  I hope you will not frown on the note of something
      approaching, well, ''social conscience'' at the end.  How are you feeling now?  I
      was concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold.  I do certainly
      hope this is not too bad.  Has it gone?  At least it is going?  For myself,
      my glands are still up but they do not cause any discomfort.  I shall lecture
      as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and home more than
      the absolute minimum.  What are you painting I wonder?  Perhaps Armida, perhaps
      some  pansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will
      not have had much opportunity to paint out.  You would really be ''braving the
      elements'', as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say.  Our weekend
      with Chase will be so nice - a chance to go through all your work again.  Marvellous.  I
      can barely wait: nor can I wait to see you.  Oh how impatient I am to see you,
      to be with you, again, my love, my love.  Lion is disappointed about the lecture
      but the work I have done will be very useful to me.  Groddeck, by the way, was
      much less interesting when I came to read him closely.  Terribly irrational
      and intuitive.  I''m afraid tho'' he would say just the sterile objections to
      be expected in the 20c!  My poem about birthday comes very slowly as there is
      an intricate rhyming scheme but you shall see it soon.  I expect it will be
      about 60 lines.  I love you dearly.  Love you Lawrence'
    charcount: 2084
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9316455
    median_ratio: 0.9649781
    max_ratio: 0.9830082
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.3848099
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74041346
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: ethomson
    created_at: 1.5077466e+09
    started_on: 1.5077458e+09
    ended_on: 1.5077466e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.50768e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 805.632
    minutes_annotating: 13.4272
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "[15-9-52]\nBlackheath\nMonday\nMy dearest Sylvia,\nYou can,
      of course, disregard my last letter about the Sex. Soc. for C.\nhas now sent
      me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the\nlecture and the article
      are off. I note with regret that the Journal must\nend - how very disappointing.\nI
      enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the kind of\nnotice
      Haine was given in The Londoner's Diary. In fact the sentences\nin quotes are
      taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary-gossip\nnotes. However,
      Molly tells me The Times gave him a decent notice.\nAlso enclosed is the giants
      poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will\nnot frown on the note of something
      approaching, well, 'social conscience'\nat the end.\nHow are you feeling now?
      I was concerned to read of your bad\nnights and, also, of your cold. I do certainly
      hope this is not too bad.\nHas it gone? At least - it is going?\nFor myself,
      my glands are still up but they do not cause any dis-\ncomfort. I shall lecture
      as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move\nabout between town and home more than
      the absolute minimum.\nWhat are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Armida, perhaps
      some\npansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will\nnot
      have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really be\n'braving the elements,'
      as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say.\nOur weekend with [unclear]Chore[/unclear]
      will be so nice - a chance to go through all\nyour work again. Marvellous. I
      can hardly wait: nor can I wait\nto see you. Oh how impatient I am to see you,
      to be with you, again,\nmy love, my love.\nLion is disappointed about the lecture
      but the work I have done will be\nvery useful to me. Groddeck, by the way, was
      much less interesting than\nI thought when I come to read him closely. Terribly
      irrational and intuitive, I'm \nafraid, tho' he would say - just the sterile
      objections to be expected in\nthe 20C!\nMy poem about birthdays comes very slowly
      as there is an intricate\nrhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon. I expect
      it will be about 60\nlines.\nI love you dearly\nlove you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '[15-9-52]<br/>Blackheath<br/>Monday<br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>You
      can, of course, disregard my last letter about the Sex. Soc. for C.<br/>has
      now sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the<br/>lecture
      and the article are off. I note with regret that the Journal must<br/>end -
      how very disappointing.<br/>I enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature
      of the kind of<br/>notice Haine was given in The Londoner''s Diary. In fact
      the sentences<br/>in quotes are taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle
      obituary-gossip<br/>notes. However, Molly tells me The Times gave him a decent
      notice.<br/>Also enclosed is the giants poem. I hope you like it. I hope you
      will<br/>not frown on the note of something approaching, well, ''social conscience''<br/>at
      the end.<br/>How are you feeling now? I was concerned to read of your bad<br/>nights
      and, also, of your cold. I do certainly hope this is not too bad.<br/>Has it
      gone? At least - it is going?<br/>For myself, my glands are still up but they
      do not cause any dis-<br/>comfort. I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan
      not to move<br/>about between town and home more than the absolute minimum.<br/>What
      are you painting I wonder? Perhaps Armida, perhaps some<br/>pansies, for if
      you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will<br/>not have had much
      opportunity to paint out. You would really be<br/>''braving the elements,''
      as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say.<br/>Our weekend with Chore
      will be so nice - a chance to go through all<br/>your work again. Marvellous.
      I can hardly wait: nor can I wait<br/>to see you. Oh how impatient I am to see
      you, to be with you, again,<br/>my love, my love.<br/>Lion is disappointed about
      the lecture but the work I have done will be<br/>very useful to me. Groddeck,
      by the way, was much less interesting than<br/>I thought when I come to read
      him closely. Terribly irrational and intuitive, I''m <br/>afraid, tho'' he would
      say - just the sterile objections to be expected in<br/>the 20C!<br/>My poem
      about birthdays comes very slowly as there is an intricate<br/>rhyming scheme,
      but you shall see it soon. I expect it will be about 60<br/>lines.<br/>I love
      you dearly<br/>love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2076
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9332258
    median_ratio: 0.9699812
    max_ratio: 0.9842668
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.3990321
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74049045
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: darryluk
    created_at: 1.5077497e+09
    started_on: 1.5077479e+09
    ended_on: 1.5077497e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.50768e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1802.7350001
    minutes_annotating: 30.0455833
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      Blackheath
      Monday

      My Dearest Sylvia
      You can, of course, disregard my last letter about the [unclear]Sex[/unclear]. Soc for C. has now sent me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the article are off. I note with regret that the Journal must end - how very disappointing.
      I enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the kind of notice Haine was given in The Londoner's Diary. In fact the sentences in quotes are taken from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip notes. However, Molly tells me The Times gave him a decent notice.
      Also enclosed is the giant's poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will not [unclear]fraum[/unclear] on the note of something approaching, well, 'social conscience' at the end.
      How are you feeling now? I was concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold. I do certainly hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At least - it is going?
      For myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause any discomfort. I shall lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and home more than the absolute minimum.
      What are you painting I wonder?  Perhaps Armida, perhaps some pansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have had, you will not have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really be 'braving the elements', as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say. Our weekend with Chase will be so nice - a chance to go through all your work again. Marvellous. I can barely wait: nor can I wait to see you. Oh.how impatient I am to see you, to be with you, again, my love, my love.
      Lion is disappointed about the lecture but the work I have done will be very useful to me. Groddeck, by the way, was much less interesting than I thought when I came to read him closely. Terribly irrational and intuitive, I'm afraid tho' he would say - just the sterile objections to be expected in 20c!
      My poem about birthday comes very slowly as there is an intricate rhyming scheme, but you shall see it soon. I expect it will be about 60 lines.
      I love you dearly
      love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Monday<br/><br/>My Dearest Sylvia<br/>You
      can, of course, disregard my last letter about the Sex. Soc for C. has now sent
      me a letter, which came this morning, and I see that the lecture and the article
      are off. I note with regret that the Journal must end - how very disappointing.<br/>I
      enclose, but do not show C., of course, a caricature of the kind of notice Haine
      was given in The Londoner''s Diary. In fact the sentences in quotes are taken
      from the Standard and the News Chronicle obituary - gossip notes. However, Molly
      tells me The Times gave him a decent notice.<br/>Also enclosed is the giant''s
      poem. I hope you like it. I hope you will not fraum on the note of something
      approaching, well, ''social conscience'' at the end.<br/>How are you feeling
      now? I was concerned to read of your bad nights and, also, of your cold. I do
      certainly hope this is not too bad. Has it gone? At least - it is going?<br/>For
      myself, my glands are still up but they do not cause any discomfort. I shall
      lecture as usual tomorrow but I plan not to move about between town and home
      more than the absolute minimum.<br/>What are you painting I wonder?  Perhaps
      Armida, perhaps some pansies, for if you have had the kind of weather we have
      had, you will not have had much opportunity to paint out. You would really be
      ''braving the elements'', as I expect George (your mother-in-law) would say.
      Our weekend with Chase will be so nice - a chance to go through all your work
      again. Marvellous. I can barely wait: nor can I wait to see you. Oh.how impatient
      I am to see you, to be with you, again, my love, my love.<br/>Lion is disappointed
      about the lecture but the work I have done will be very useful to me. Groddeck,
      by the way, was much less interesting than I thought when I came to read him
      closely. Terribly irrational and intuitive, I''m afraid tho'' he would say -
      just the sterile objections to be expected in 20c!<br/>My poem about birthday
      comes very slowly as there is an intricate rhyming scheme, but you shall see
      it soon. I expect it will be about 60 lines.<br/>I love you dearly<br/>love
      you<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2061
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9332425
    median_ratio: 0.9681051
    max_ratio: 0.985489
    min_ratio: 0.7073171
    total_ratio: 8.3991822
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74226915
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: darryluk
    created_at: 1.5078449e+09
    started_on: 1.5078449e+09
    ended_on: 1.5078449e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5077664e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 7.5869999
    minutes_annotating: 0.12645
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: ''
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: ''
    charcount: 0
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.0e+00
    median_ratio: 0.0e+00
    max_ratio: 0.0e+00
    min_ratio: 0.0e+00
    total_ratio: 0.0e+00
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74412671
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: cramirezmoreno
    created_at: 1.5079631e+09
    started_on: 1.5079631e+09
    ended_on: 1.5079631e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5079392e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 27.2119999
    minutes_annotating: 0.4535333
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: ''
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: ''
    charcount: 0
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.0e+00
    median_ratio: 0.0e+00
    max_ratio: 0.0e+00
    min_ratio: 0.0e+00
    total_ratio: 0.0e+00
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74661700
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: not-logged-in-44f53cf7d783ab25d442
    created_at: 1.5081532e+09
    started_on: 1.5081532e+09
    ended_on: 1.5081532e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.508112e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 56.4860001
    minutes_annotating: 0.9414333
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: ''
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: ''
    charcount: 0
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.0e+00
    median_ratio: 0.0e+00
    max_ratio: 0.0e+00
    min_ratio: 0.0e+00
    total_ratio: 0.0e+00
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74661724
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: TabithaKnight
    created_at: 1.5081532e+09
    started_on: 1.5081532e+09
    ended_on: 1.5081532e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/604.1.38
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/11.0 Safari/604.1.38
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.508112e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 53.6630001
    minutes_annotating: 0.8943833
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/604.1.38
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/11.0 Safari/604.1.38
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheall \nMonday \nMy Dearer Sylnia \nYou can, of course, "
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheall <br/>Monday <br/>My Dearer Sylnia <br/>You can,
      of course, '
    charcount: 58
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.0232156
    median_ratio: 0.0231975
    max_ratio: 0.0233438
    min_ratio: 0.0231395
    total_ratio: 0.2089401
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74693633
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: not-logged-in-37e6fc48d1f5985a964c
    created_at: 1.5081729e+09
    started_on: 1.5081729e+09
    ended_on: 1.5081729e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.508112e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 44.2869999
    minutes_annotating: 0.7381167
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '10'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: ''
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: ''
    charcount: 0
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.0e+00
    median_ratio: 0.0e+00
    max_ratio: 0.0e+00
    min_ratio: 0.0e+00
    total_ratio: 0.0e+00
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 74694233
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908208
    user_name: not-logged-in-37e6fc48d1f5985a964c
    created_at: 1.5081732e+09
    started_on: 1.5081732e+09
    ended_on: 1.5081732e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5043724e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5076053e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.508112e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 4.6400001
    minutes_annotating: 0.0773333
    n_annotations: 18
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '10'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: ''
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: ''
    charcount: 0
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9f04c2a9-7250-4b4e-99ab-2e01ed422c9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.0e+00
    median_ratio: 0.0e+00
    max_ratio: 0.0e+00
    min_ratio: 0.0e+00
    total_ratio: 0.0e+00
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.6623233
    median_dissimilarity: 1.0
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371471
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_017.jpg

---
