---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_004
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65459931
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284755
    user_name: ChrisMM76
    created_at: 1.5016919e+09
    started_on: 1.5016896e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016919e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_004.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016919e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5023073e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2360.6159997
    minutes_annotating: 39.3436
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2\nWednesday evening a painting class was held here.  Reluctantly\npostponing
      dinner I stayed to see it.  Pupils are all women, & all (but one adolescent)
      are 40 and considerably over.  this was the 3rd \nweek:  sill life was their
      theme - & previously they had produced\nabstractions.  There is an odd rarity
      of phallic symbols: on the\nwhale the ladies prefer petal forms and layers of
      colour folding\nback...  One exception is Mrs. Cuningham ( a single lady, now,
      \nwho is school mistress & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into\na serpent
      prick.  the pictures are spontaneous, individual, &\nunself-conscious which
      is a great thing.  (Women are much more \nsensible & sensitive than the men:
      not only do fewer men come in \nthe ones that do are usually inferior to their
      wives.)  the standard\nof work is really excellent.  The teacher (who is all
      breasts & bottom & a buttoned-up raincoat) guides without interfering. \n\nThis
      morning I went to Hampstead, invited by the Rev\nCecil Russell, a cultivated
      man with a pleasant wife,  & he show-\ned me his church.  I had borrowed Mrs.
      Cunningham's bicycle for\nthe journey so I was relieved to see a 13 foot tall
      image of St Christ-\nopher when I went it.  I know I was safe from [unclear][/unclear].
      \ The\nsaint is one of numerous (13 [unclear][/unclear] wall paintings: Crucifixion
      ,\nLast Supper, Entombment, Judgment, &C., not all equally [unclear][/unclear]-\nble.
      \ They make a fine covering for the early english stone walls.\nBeyond this
      feast there is a superb Baroque monument, with a free\nstanding figure in white
      marble kneeling before it & gesturing pit-\neously at her dead brothers & sisters:
      \ it is very large and rich.\nThere is a signed [unclear][/unclear] monument,
      an interesting collection\nof [unclear][/unclear] (18th [unclear][/unclear],
      a (17th Scots [unclear][/unclear], a charming register\nstarting in 158 something,
      &C., &C.  It is most rich and it would\nhave been rich had not the plate all
      been given, with much else,\nto the cause of Charles the [unclear][/unclear]
      as hie is described in a small chapel I was delighted to see set by for him.
      \ the roundheads\nwere kept out of the church.  Hamstead is totally rural.\nWhen
      Russell enquired of a labourer about a local custom \n(many of which he incorporates
      with the symbolic games usual\nin church) and asked, 'was it old', [unclear][/unclear]
      'I don't know about\nthat, sir, it's 800 years old.[unclear][/unclear]\n\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 10
    clean_transcription: '2<br/>Wednesday evening a painting class was held here.  Reluctantly<br/>postponing
      dinner I stayed to see it.  Pupils are all women, & all (but one adolescent)
      are 40 and considerably over.  this was the 3rd <br/>week:  sill life was their
      theme - & previously they had produced<br/>abstractions.  There is an odd rarity
      of phallic symbols: on the<br/>whale the ladies prefer petal forms and layers
      of colour folding<br/>back...  One exception is Mrs. Cuningham ( a single lady,
      now, <br/>who is school mistress & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into<br/>a
      serpent prick.  the pictures are spontaneous, individual, &<br/>unself-conscious
      which is a great thing.  (Women are much more <br/>sensible & sensitive than
      the men: not only do fewer men come in <br/>the ones that do are usually inferior
      to their wives.)  the standard<br/>of work is really excellent.  The teacher
      (who is all breasts & bottom & a buttoned-up raincoat) guides without interfering.
      <br/><br/>This morning I went to Hampstead, invited by the Rev<br/>Cecil Russell,
      a cultivated man with a pleasant wife,  & he show-<br/>ed me his church.  I
      had borrowed Mrs. Cunningham''s bicycle for<br/>the journey so I was relieved
      to see a 13 foot tall image of St Christ-<br/>opher when I went it.  I know
      I was safe from .  The<br/>saint is one of numerous (13  wall paintings: Crucifixion
      ,<br/>Last Supper, Entombment, Judgment, &C., not all equally -<br/>ble.  They
      make a fine covering for the early english stone walls.<br/>Beyond this feast
      there is a superb Baroque monument, with a free<br/>standing figure in white
      marble kneeling before it & gesturing pit-<br/>eously at her dead brothers &
      sisters:  it is very large and rich.<br/>There is a signed  monument, an interesting
      collection<br/>of  (18th , a (17th Scots , a charming register<br/>starting
      in 158 something, &C., &C.  It is most rich and it would<br/>have been rich
      had not the plate all been given, with much else,<br/>to the cause of Charles
      the  as hie is described in a small chapel I was delighted to see set by for
      him.  the roundheads<br/>were kept out of the church.  Hamstead is totally rural.<br/>When
      Russell enquired of a labourer about a local custom <br/>(many of which he incorporates
      with the symbolic games usual<br/>in church) and asked, ''was it old'',  ''I
      don''t know about<br/>that, sir, it''s 800 years old.<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2234
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/96b26532-fe88-4ac8-961c-1d60102c0aba.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.890176
    median_ratio: 0.8890104
    max_ratio: 0.9094899
    min_ratio: 0.8685237
    total_ratio: 4.4508798
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1463595
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1647625
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2214411
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0659273
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65498227
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284755
    user_name: LindaK0412
    created_at: 1.5017046e+09
    started_on: 1.5016997e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017046e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_004.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016919e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5023073e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 4900.5839999
    minutes_annotating: 81.6764
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "                                          2\n\n   Wednesday
      evening a painting class was held here.  Reluctantly\npostponing dinner I stayed
      to see it.  Pupils are all women, & all (but one adolescent) are 40 and considerably
      over.  This was the 3rd \nweek: still life was this theme - & previously they
      had produced\nabstractions. There is an odd rarity of phallic symbols: on the\nwhole
      the ladies prefer petal forms and layers of colour folding\nback...  One exception
      is more Cuningham (a single lady, rare, who is school mistress & lives where
      I do) who turned a drapery into\na superb prick.  The pictures are spontaneous,
      individual, & \nunself-conscious which is a great thing.  (Women are much more\nsensible
      & sensitive than the men:  not only do fewer men come in\nthe ones that do are
      usually inferior to their wives.) \nThe standard\nof work is really excellent.
      \ The teacher (who is all breasts &\nbottom & a buttoned-up raincoat) guides
      without interfering.\n\n   This morning I went to Flamstead, invited by the
      Rev.\nCecil Russell, a cultivated man with a pleasant wife, & he show-\ned me
      his church.  I had borrowed Mrs. Cuningham's bicycle for\nthe journey so I was
      relieved to see a 13 foot image of St. Christ-\nofer when I went in.  I knew
      I was safe from disaster now.  The\nsaint is one of numerous (13th & (14th wall
      paintings: crucifixion, \nLast Supper, Entombment, Judgement, & C., not all
      equally [unclear]neri-\nble[/unclear] They make a fine covering for the early
      english vane walls.\nBeyond this feast there is a superb Baroque monument, with
      a free-\nstanding figure in white marble kneeling before it & gesturing pit-\neously
      at her dead brothers & sisters: it is very large and rich.\nThere is a signed
      Flaxman monument, an interesting collection \nof early (18th [unclear]vatchments[/unclear],
      a (17th Scots cape, a charming [unclear]regirtes[/unclear]\nstarting in 158
      something, & C., & C.  It is most rich and it would \nhave been rich had not
      all the plate been given, with much else,\nto the cause of Charles [unclear]de
      Marlys[/unclear] as he is described in a small\nchapel I was delighted to see
      set by for him.  The roundheads\nwere kept out of the church. Flamstead is totally
      rural.\nWhen Burrell enquired of a labourer about a local custom \n(many of
      which he incorporates with the symbolic games usual\nin church) and asked, 'Was
      it old?' he told: 'I don't know about\nthat, sir, its 800 years old?  Or is
      there an (18th [unclear]bubble[/unclear] with a \nmap of The Garden of Eden
      & 'circumjacent countries.'"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 5
    clean_transcription: '                                          2<br/><br/>   Wednesday
      evening a painting class was held here.  Reluctantly<br/>postponing dinner I
      stayed to see it.  Pupils are all women, & all (but one adolescent) are 40 and
      considerably over.  This was the 3rd <br/>week: still life was this theme -
      & previously they had produced<br/>abstractions. There is an odd rarity of phallic
      symbols: on the<br/>whole the ladies prefer petal forms and layers of colour
      folding<br/>back...  One exception is more Cuningham (a single lady, rare, who
      is school mistress & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into<br/>a superb
      prick.  The pictures are spontaneous, individual, & <br/>unself-conscious which
      is a great thing.  (Women are much more<br/>sensible & sensitive than the men:  not
      only do fewer men come in<br/>the ones that do are usually inferior to their
      wives.) <br/>The standard<br/>of work is really excellent.  The teacher (who
      is all breasts &<br/>bottom & a buttoned-up raincoat) guides without interfering.<br/><br/>   This
      morning I went to Flamstead, invited by the Rev.<br/>Cecil Russell, a cultivated
      man with a pleasant wife, & he show-<br/>ed me his church.  I had borrowed Mrs.
      Cuningham''s bicycle for<br/>the journey so I was relieved to see a 13 foot
      image of St. Christ-<br/>ofer when I went in.  I knew I was safe from disaster
      now.  The<br/>saint is one of numerous (13th & (14th wall paintings: crucifixion,
      <br/>Last Supper, Entombment, Judgement, & C., not all equally neri-<br/>ble
      They make a fine covering for the early english vane walls.<br/>Beyond this
      feast there is a superb Baroque monument, with a free-<br/>standing figure in
      white marble kneeling before it & gesturing pit-<br/>eously at her dead brothers
      & sisters: it is very large and rich.<br/>There is a signed Flaxman monument,
      an interesting collection <br/>of early (18th vatchments, a (17th Scots cape,
      a charming regirtes<br/>starting in 158 something, & C., & C.  It is most rich
      and it would <br/>have been rich had not all the plate been given, with much
      else,<br/>to the cause of Charles de Marlys as he is described in a small<br/>chapel
      I was delighted to see set by for him.  The roundheads<br/>were kept out of
      the church. Flamstead is totally rural.<br/>When Burrell enquired of a labourer
      about a local custom <br/>(many of which he incorporates with the symbolic games
      usual<br/>in church) and asked, ''Was it old?'' he told: ''I don''t know about<br/>that,
      sir, its 800 years old?  Or is there an (18th bubble with a <br/>map of The
      Garden of Eden & ''circumjacent countries.'''
    charcount: 2426
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/96b26532-fe88-4ac8-961c-1d60102c0aba.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9376773
    median_ratio: 0.94
    max_ratio: 0.9478881
    min_ratio: 0.9197772
    total_ratio: 4.6883864
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1463595
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1647625
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2214411
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0659273
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65502912
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284755
    user_name: Maxie_Baby
    created_at: 1.5017064e+09
    started_on: 1.5017033e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017064e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36 OPR/46.0.2597.57
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_004.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016919e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5023073e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 3095.2659998
    minutes_annotating: 51.5877667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36 OPR/46.0.2597.57
    ua.family: Opera
    ua.major: '46'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2597'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2\n\nWednesday evening a painting class was held here. Reluctantly\npostponing
      dinner I stayed to see it. Pupils are all women, & all\n(but one adolescent)
      are 40 and considerably over. This was the 3rd\nweek: still life was their theme
      - & previously they had produced\nabstractions. There is an odd rarity of phallic
      symbols: on the \nwhole the ladies prefer petal forms and layers of colour folding\nback...
      One exception is Mrs Cuningham (a single lady, now,\nwho is school mistress
      & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into\na superb prick. The pictures
      are spontaneous, individual, &\nunself-conscious which is a great thing. (Women
      are much more\nsensible & sensitive than the men: not only do fewer men come
      in\nthe ones that do are usually inferior to their wives.) The standard\nof
      work is really excellent, The teacher (who is all breasts &\nbottom & a buttoned-up
      raincoat) guides without interfering.\n\nThis morning I went to Flamstead, invited
      \ by the Rev.\nCecil Russell, a cultivated man witha pleasant wife, & he show-\ned
      me his church. I has borrowed Mrs. Cunningham's bicycle for\nthe journey [unclear]so[/unclear]
      I was relieved to see a 13 foot image of St Christ-\nopher when I went in. I
      knew I was safe from disaster now. The\nsaint is one of numerous C13th & C14th
      wall paintings: crucifixion,\nlast supper, Entombment, Judgment, &c., not all
      equally [unclear]merit-[/unclear]\n[unclear]able[/unclear]. They made a fine
      covering for the early english nave walls.\nBeyond this feast there is a superb
      Baroque monument, with a free\nstanding figure in white marble kneeling before
      it & gesturing pit-\neously at her dead brothers & susters: it is very large
      and [unclear]rich[/unclear].\nThere is a signed Flaxmann monument, an interesting
      collection\nof early C18th [unclear]vatchments[/unclear], a C17yh Scots cape,
      a charming register\nstarting in 158something, &c., &c. It is most rich and
      it would\nhave been nice had not the plate all been given, with much else,\nto
      the cause of Charles the martyr as he is described in a small\nchapel I was
      delighted to see set by for him. The roundheads\nwere kept out of the church.
      Flamstead is totally rural.\nWhen Russell enquired of a labourer aout a local
      custom\n(many of which he incorporates with the symbolic games usual\nin church)
      and asked, 'was it old?; he [unclear]heard[/unclear] 'I don't know about\nthat,
      sir, it's 800 years old' Oh, & there is an C18th [unclear]hankle[/unclear] with
      a\nmap of The Garden of Eden & 'circumjacent countries'."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 7
    clean_transcription: '2<br/><br/>Wednesday evening a painting class was held here.
      Reluctantly<br/>postponing dinner I stayed to see it. Pupils are all women,
      & all<br/>(but one adolescent) are 40 and considerably over. This was the 3rd<br/>week:
      still life was their theme - & previously they had produced<br/>abstractions.
      There is an odd rarity of phallic symbols: on the <br/>whole the ladies prefer
      petal forms and layers of colour folding<br/>back... One exception is Mrs Cuningham
      (a single lady, now,<br/>who is school mistress & lives where I do) who turned
      a drapery into<br/>a superb prick. The pictures are spontaneous, individual,
      &<br/>unself-conscious which is a great thing. (Women are much more<br/>sensible
      & sensitive than the men: not only do fewer men come in<br/>the ones that do
      are usually inferior to their wives.) The standard<br/>of work is really excellent,
      The teacher (who is all breasts &<br/>bottom & a buttoned-up raincoat) guides
      without interfering.<br/><br/>This morning I went to Flamstead, invited  by
      the Rev.<br/>Cecil Russell, a cultivated man witha pleasant wife, & he show-<br/>ed
      me his church. I has borrowed Mrs. Cunningham''s bicycle for<br/>the journey
      so I was relieved to see a 13 foot image of St Christ-<br/>opher when I went
      in. I knew I was safe from disaster now. The<br/>saint is one of numerous C13th
      & C14th wall paintings: crucifixion,<br/>last supper, Entombment, Judgment,
      &c., not all equally merit-<br/>able. They made a fine covering for the early
      english nave walls.<br/>Beyond this feast there is a superb Baroque monument,
      with a free<br/>standing figure in white marble kneeling before it & gesturing
      pit-<br/>eously at her dead brothers & susters: it is very large and rich.<br/>There
      is a signed Flaxmann monument, an interesting collection<br/>of early C18th
      vatchments, a C17yh Scots cape, a charming register<br/>starting in 158something,
      &c., &c. It is most rich and it would<br/>have been nice had not the plate all
      been given, with much else,<br/>to the cause of Charles the martyr as he is
      described in a small<br/>chapel I was delighted to see set by for him. The roundheads<br/>were
      kept out of the church. Flamstead is totally rural.<br/>When Russell enquired
      of a labourer aout a local custom<br/>(many of which he incorporates with the
      symbolic games usual<br/>in church) and asked, ''was it old?; he heard ''I don''t
      know about<br/>that, sir, it''s 800 years old'' Oh, & there is an C18th hankle
      with a<br/>map of The Garden of Eden & ''circumjacent countries''.'
    charcount: 2359
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/96b26532-fe88-4ac8-961c-1d60102c0aba.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9478924
    median_ratio: 0.9452941
    max_ratio: 0.9676358
    min_ratio: 0.9231198
    total_ratio: 4.7394619
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1463595
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1647625
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2214411
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0659273
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65748944
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284755
    user_name: srasg56
    created_at: 1.5018605e+09
    started_on: 1.5018588e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018605e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_004.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016919e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5023073e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1691.322
    minutes_annotating: 28.1887
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2\nWednesday evening a painting class was held here.  Reluctantly\npostponing
      dinner I stayed to see it.  Pupils are all women, & all\n(but one adolescent)
      are 40 and considerably over.  This was the 3rd\nweek: still life was this theme
      - & previously they had produced\nabstractions.  There is an odd rarity of phallic
      symbols: on the\nwhole the ladies prefer petal forms and layers of colour folding\nback...
      One exception is Mrs Cuningham (a single lady, now,\nwho is a school mistress
      & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into\na superb prick.  The pictures
      are spontaneous, individual &\nunself-conscious which is a great thing.  (Women
      are much more\nsensible & sensitive than the men: not only do fewer men come
      in\nthe ones that do are usually inferior to their wives.)  The standard\nof
      work is really excellent.  The teacher (who is all breasts &\nbottom & a buttoned-up
      raincoat) guides without interfering. \nThis morning I went to Flamstead, invited
      by the Rev.\nCecil Russell, a cultivated man with a pleasant wife, & he show-\ned
      me his church.  I had borrowed Mrs Cuningham's bicycle for\nthe journey so I
      was relieved to see a 13 foot image of St Christ-\nopher when I went in.  I
      knew I was safe from disaster now.  The\nsaint is one of numerous C13th & C14th
      wall paintings - crucifixion, \nLast Supper, Entombment, Judgment, &c., not
      all equally - xxx[unclear][/unclear]-\nlike.  They make a fine covering for
      the early English nave walls.\nBeyond this feast there is a superb Baroque monument,
      with a free \nstanding figure in white marble kneeling before it & gesturing
      pit-\neously at her dead brothers & sisters: it is very large and rich. \nThere
      is a signed Flaxman monument, an interesting collection\nof early C18th hatchments,
      a C17th Scots cope, a charming register\nstarting in 1580 something, &c. &c.
      \ It is most rich and it would\nhave been [unclear]rich [/unclear]had it not
      the plate all been given, with much else,\nto the cause of Charles the Martyr
      as he is described in a small\nchapel I was delighted to see set by for him.
      \ The Roundheads\nwere kept out of the church.  Flamstead is totally rural.\nWhen
      Russell enquired of a labourer about a local custom\n(many of which he incorporates
      with the symbolic games usual\nin church) and asked, 'was it old?' he told.
      'I don't know about\nthat, sir, it's 800 year old'  Oh, & there is an C18th
      bible with a\nmap of The Garden of Eden & 'circumjacent countries.'\n\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: '2<br/>Wednesday evening a painting class was held here.  Reluctantly<br/>postponing
      dinner I stayed to see it.  Pupils are all women, & all<br/>(but one adolescent)
      are 40 and considerably over.  This was the 3rd<br/>week: still life was this
      theme - & previously they had produced<br/>abstractions.  There is an odd rarity
      of phallic symbols: on the<br/>whole the ladies prefer petal forms and layers
      of colour folding<br/>back... One exception is Mrs Cuningham (a single lady,
      now,<br/>who is a school mistress & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into<br/>a
      superb prick.  The pictures are spontaneous, individual &<br/>unself-conscious
      which is a great thing.  (Women are much more<br/>sensible & sensitive than
      the men: not only do fewer men come in<br/>the ones that do are usually inferior
      to their wives.)  The standard<br/>of work is really excellent.  The teacher
      (who is all breasts &<br/>bottom & a buttoned-up raincoat) guides without interfering.
      <br/>This morning I went to Flamstead, invited by the Rev.<br/>Cecil Russell,
      a cultivated man with a pleasant wife, & he show-<br/>ed me his church.  I had
      borrowed Mrs Cuningham''s bicycle for<br/>the journey so I was relieved to see
      a 13 foot image of St Christ-<br/>opher when I went in.  I knew I was safe from
      disaster now.  The<br/>saint is one of numerous C13th & C14th wall paintings
      - crucifixion, <br/>Last Supper, Entombment, Judgment, &c., not all equally
      - xxx-<br/>like.  They make a fine covering for the early English nave walls.<br/>Beyond
      this feast there is a superb Baroque monument, with a free <br/>standing figure
      in white marble kneeling before it & gesturing pit-<br/>eously at her dead brothers
      & sisters: it is very large and rich. <br/>There is a signed Flaxman monument,
      an interesting collection<br/>of early C18th hatchments, a C17th Scots cope,
      a charming register<br/>starting in 1580 something, &c. &c.  It is most rich
      and it would<br/>have been rich had it not the plate all been given, with much
      else,<br/>to the cause of Charles the Martyr as he is described in a small<br/>chapel
      I was delighted to see set by for him.  The Roundheads<br/>were kept out of
      the church.  Flamstead is totally rural.<br/>When Russell enquired of a labourer
      about a local custom<br/>(many of which he incorporates with the symbolic games
      usual<br/>in church) and asked, ''was it old?'' he told. ''I don''t know about<br/>that,
      sir, it''s 800 year old''  Oh, & there is an C18th bible with a<br/>map of The
      Garden of Eden & ''circumjacent countries.''<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2379
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/96b26532-fe88-4ac8-961c-1d60102c0aba.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9472503
    median_ratio: 0.9470588
    max_ratio: 0.9725727
    min_ratio: 0.9147632
    total_ratio: 4.7362513
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1463595
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1647625
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2214411
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0659273
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65796070
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284755
    user_name: Zunie2010
    created_at: 1.5018916e+09
    started_on: 1.5018895e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018916e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; Trident/7.0; SLCC2; .NET CLR 2.0.50727;
      .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; Media Center PC 6.0; .NET4.0E; .NET4.0C;
      rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_004.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016919e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5023073e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2131.303
    minutes_annotating: 35.5217167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; Trident/7.0; SLCC2; .NET CLR 2.0.50727;
      .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; Media Center PC 6.0; .NET4.0E; .NET4.0C;
      rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |2-
                                       2

           Wednesday evening a painting class was held here.  Recluctantly postponing dinner I stayed to see it.  Pupils are all women, & all (but one adolescent) are 40 and considerably over.  This was the 3rd week : still life was their theme - & previously they had produced abstractions.  There is an odd rarity of phallic symbols : on the whole the ladies prefer metal forms and layers of colour folding back...  One exception is Mrs. Cuningham (a single lady, now, who is school mistress & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into a superb prick.  The pictures are spontaneous, individual & unself-conscious which is a great thing.  (Women are much more sensible & sensitive than all men:  not only do fewer men come in the ones that do are usually inferior to [unclear] wines.)  the standard of work is really excellent.  the teacher (who is all breast's & bottom is buttoned-up raincoat) guides without interfering.

           This morning I went to Flamstead, invited & the Rev. Cecil Russell, a cultivated man with a pleasant wife, & he show-ed me his [unclear].  I had borrowed Mrs - Cuningham's bicycle for the journey as I was relieved to see a 13 foot image of St Christ - after when I went in.  I know I was safe from disaster now.  The saint is one of numerous (13th (14th wall paintings : crucifixion, last supper, Entombment, Judgment, &c., not all equally were - [unclear].  They make a fine covering for the early English vane walls.  Beyond this feast there is a superb Baroque monument, until a free standing figure in white marble kneeling before it & gesturing piteously at her dead brothers & sisters:  it is very large and [unclear].  There is a signed Fleasmann monument, an interesting collection of early (18th parchments, a (17th Scots cape, a charming [unclear] starting in 158 something, &c, &c.  It is most rich and it would have been nice had not the plate all been given, with much else, to the cause of Charles the martyr as he is describe in a small chapel I was delighted to see set by for him.  The roundheads were kept out of the churches.  Flamstead is totally rural.  When Russell inquired of a labourer about a local custom ([unclear] which he incorporates until the symbolic games usual in church) and asked, 'was it old?'  he said, 'I don't know about that, sir, it's 800 years old?  Oh, and there is an (18th table with a map of The Garden of Eden & circumjacent countries?
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 6
    clean_transcription: '                                 2<br/><br/>     Wednesday
      evening a painting class was held here.  Recluctantly postponing dinner I stayed
      to see it.  Pupils are all women, & all (but one adolescent) are 40 and considerably
      over.  This was the 3rd week : still life was their theme - & previously they
      had produced abstractions.  There is an odd rarity of phallic symbols : on the
      whole the ladies prefer metal forms and layers of colour folding back...  One
      exception is Mrs. Cuningham (a single lady, now, who is school mistress & lives
      where I do) who turned a drapery into a superb prick.  The pictures are spontaneous,
      individual & unself-conscious which is a great thing.  (Women are much more
      sensible & sensitive than all men:  not only do fewer men come in the ones that
      do are usually inferior to  wines.)  the standard of work is really excellent.  the
      teacher (who is all breast''s & bottom is buttoned-up raincoat) guides without
      interfering.<br/><br/>     This morning I went to Flamstead, invited & the Rev.
      Cecil Russell, a cultivated man with a pleasant wife, & he show-ed me his .  I
      had borrowed Mrs - Cuningham''s bicycle for the journey as I was relieved to
      see a 13 foot image of St Christ - after when I went in.  I know I was safe
      from disaster now.  The saint is one of numerous (13th (14th wall paintings
      : crucifixion, last supper, Entombment, Judgment, &c., not all equally were
      - .  They make a fine covering for the early English vane walls.  Beyond this
      feast there is a superb Baroque monument, until a free standing figure in white
      marble kneeling before it & gesturing piteously at her dead brothers & sisters:  it
      is very large and .  There is a signed Fleasmann monument, an interesting collection
      of early (18th parchments, a (17th Scots cape, a charming  starting in 158 something,
      &c, &c.  It is most rich and it would have been nice had not the plate all been
      given, with much else, to the cause of Charles the martyr as he is describe
      in a small chapel I was delighted to see set by for him.  The roundheads were
      kept out of the churches.  Flamstead is totally rural.  When Russell inquired
      of a labourer about a local custom ( which he incorporates until the symbolic
      games usual in church) and asked, ''was it old?''  he said, ''I don''t know
      about that, sir, it''s 800 years old?  Oh, and there is an (18th table with
      a map of The Garden of Eden & circumjacent countries?'
    charcount: 2393
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/96b26532-fe88-4ac8-961c-1d60102c0aba.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9100913
    median_ratio: 0.91
    max_ratio: 0.9127811
    min_ratio: 0.9079956
    total_ratio: 4.5504563
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1463595
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1647625
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2214411
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0659273
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66244476
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284755
    user_name: hoskinml
    created_at: 1.5023073e+09
    started_on: 1.5023055e+09
    ended_on: 1.5023073e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_004.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016919e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5023073e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5022368e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1789.789
    minutes_annotating: 29.8298167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2 Wednesday evening a painting class was held here. Reluctantly
      postponing dinner I stayed to see it. Pupils are all women, & all (but one adolescent)
      are 40 and considerably over. This was the 3rd week : still life was their theme
      - & previously they had produced abstractions. There is an odd rarity of phallic
      symbols : on the whole the ladies prefer petal forms and layers of colour folding
      back . . . One exception is Mrs Cuningham (a single lady, now, who is school
      mistress & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into a superb prick. The pictures
      are spontaneous, individual, & unself-conscious which is a great thing. (Women
      are much more sensible & sensitive than the men= not only do fewer men come
      in the ones that do are usually inferior to their wives.) The standard of work
      is really excellent. The teacher (who is all breasts & bottom & a buttoned -
      up raincoat) guides without interfering. \nThis morning I went to Hamstead,
      invited by the Rev. Cecil Russell, a cultivated man with a pleasant wife, &
      he show-ed me his church. I had borrowed Mrs. Cuningham's bicycle for the journey
      so I was relieved to see a 13 foot image of St Christ-opher when I went in.
      I knew I was safe from disaster now. The saint is one of numerous C13th to C14th
      wall paintings : crucifixion, Last Supper, Entombment, Judgment, &c., not all
      equally visi-ble. They make a fine covering for the early english nave walls.
      Beyond this feast there is a superb Baroque monument, with a free standing figure
      in white marble kneeling before it & gesturing pit-eously at her dead brothers
      & sisters: it is very large and rich. There is a signed Flaxman monument, an
      interesting collection of early C18th [unclear]natchments[/unclear], a C17 Scots
      cape, a charming register starting in 158something, &c, &c. It is most rich
      and it would have been rich had not the plate all been given, with much else,
      to the cause of Charles the Martyr as he is described in a small chapel I was
      delighted to see set by for him. The roundheads were kept out of the church.
      Hamstead is totally rural. When Russell enquired of a labourer about a local
      custom (many of which he incorporates with the symbolic games usual in church)
      and asked, 'was it old?' he told. 'I don't know about that, sir, it's 800 years
      old.' Oh, & there is an C18th bible with a map of The Garden of Eden & 'circumfacent
      countries'."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '2 Wednesday evening a painting class was held here. Reluctantly
      postponing dinner I stayed to see it. Pupils are all women, & all (but one adolescent)
      are 40 and considerably over. This was the 3rd week : still life was their theme
      - & previously they had produced abstractions. There is an odd rarity of phallic
      symbols : on the whole the ladies prefer petal forms and layers of colour folding
      back . . . One exception is Mrs Cuningham (a single lady, now, who is school
      mistress & lives where I do) who turned a drapery into a superb prick. The pictures
      are spontaneous, individual, & unself-conscious which is a great thing. (Women
      are much more sensible & sensitive than the men= not only do fewer men come
      in the ones that do are usually inferior to their wives.) The standard of work
      is really excellent. The teacher (who is all breasts & bottom & a buttoned -
      up raincoat) guides without interfering. <br/>This morning I went to Hamstead,
      invited by the Rev. Cecil Russell, a cultivated man with a pleasant wife, &
      he show-ed me his church. I had borrowed Mrs. Cuningham''s bicycle for the journey
      so I was relieved to see a 13 foot image of St Christ-opher when I went in.
      I knew I was safe from disaster now. The saint is one of numerous C13th to C14th
      wall paintings : crucifixion, Last Supper, Entombment, Judgment, &c., not all
      equally visi-ble. They make a fine covering for the early english nave walls.
      Beyond this feast there is a superb Baroque monument, with a free standing figure
      in white marble kneeling before it & gesturing pit-eously at her dead brothers
      & sisters: it is very large and rich. There is a signed Flaxman monument, an
      interesting collection of early C18th natchments, a C17 Scots cape, a charming
      register starting in 158something, &c, &c. It is most rich and it would have
      been rich had not the plate all been given, with much else, to the cause of
      Charles the Martyr as he is described in a small chapel I was delighted to see
      set by for him. The roundheads were kept out of the church. Hamstead is totally
      rural. When Russell enquired of a labourer about a local custom (many of which
      he incorporates with the symbolic games usual in church) and asked, ''was it
      old?'' he told. ''I don''t know about that, sir, it''s 800 years old.'' Oh,
      & there is an C18th bible with a map of The Garden of Eden & ''circumfacent
      countries''.'
    charcount: 2354
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/96b26532-fe88-4ac8-961c-1d60102c0aba.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9469347
    median_ratio: 0.9552941
    max_ratio: 0.9676889
    min_ratio: 0.9153203
    total_ratio: 4.7346735
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1463595
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1647625
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2214411
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0659273
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_004.jpg

---
