---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65766412
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345142
    user_name: jsprake
    created_at: 1.5018715e+09
    started_on: 1.5018701e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018715e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5018715e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039611e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1356.132
    minutes_annotating: 22.6022
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Seaton Carew 3x1 50\nDeaest Sylvia\nWhat a stupid and misguided
      selection committee responsible for the S.C.A. Ex-\nhibition!  How exasperating
      of them - and what a gloomy auger of the standard\nwe may expect of the whole
      exhibition.  However, what is Important to me is\nthat you have completed so
      large a work - and I look forward passionately \nto seeing it in the near future.
      \ I am delighted that the moronic committee\ndoes not discourage you from beginning
      your 'collages'.  What a brave & \nsensible cat:  I love you for your creative
      energy and courage. \n\nThe sale at Christies appears to have been delightful.
      \ Thank you for the\ndrawing of the [unclear][/unclear] which seems to be a
      most unusual picture.  The composi-\ntion is voguell, illusively reminiscent
      of - I don't know what:  at any rate\nit is startling and daring.\n\nLast nights
      talk was farily successful I think, and the discussion lasted 45 \nminutes.
      \ I am glad there is only one more lecture, tonight for Daryl I change \nit
      about a bit, this repetition is somewhat boring when the audience (except \nat
      [unclear][/unclear]) is not stimulating.\n\nReading Antal I have discovered
      in his notes (close with [unclear][/unclear] below \nthe landscape of his letter-press)
      various references to Georgiore, Vosso, \nDorri, Ariosto, Venetian mannerism
      and baroque: nothing important\nbut useful remarks you may be interested in.
      \ Do you think M would lend \nme the [unclear][/unclear] Ferrari book for the
      duration of our next week together?\n\nThank you for reminding me of Seaton
      Delaval, but it is not, in fact, near \nSeaton Carew.  The nearest I have been
      to Deaval is Newcastle (the North of \nNewcastle) when I was unfortunately short
      of time and its a great many \nmiles from S. Carew, alas.  I did see, however,
      the impressive ruins of\nWhitely Abbey on the cliff above that over-rated medieval
      \"beauty-spot\"?\n\nToday is mild and windy and the waves are mounting high
      and dramatically\nalong the promenade.  This will be my last letter from the
      North but let\nme assure you I shall not stop thinking of you.  I look forward
      with\nhappy anticipation to seeing you on Monday.  I shall be at Blackheath\nfrom
      about one o'clock onwards.  What time shall I expect you?\nI love you\nLawrence."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 4
    clean_transcription: 'Seaton Carew 3x1 50<br/>Deaest Sylvia<br/>What a stupid
      and misguided selection committee responsible for the S.C.A. Ex-<br/>hibition!  How
      exasperating of them - and what a gloomy auger of the standard<br/>we may expect
      of the whole exhibition.  However, what is Important to me is<br/>that you have
      completed so large a work - and I look forward passionately <br/>to seeing it
      in the near future.  I am delighted that the moronic committee<br/>does not
      discourage you from beginning your ''collages''.  What a brave & <br/>sensible
      cat:  I love you for your creative energy and courage. <br/><br/>The sale at
      Christies appears to have been delightful.  Thank you for the<br/>drawing of
      the  which seems to be a most unusual picture.  The composi-<br/>tion is voguell,
      illusively reminiscent of - I don''t know what:  at any rate<br/>it is startling
      and daring.<br/><br/>Last nights talk was farily successful I think, and the
      discussion lasted 45 <br/>minutes.  I am glad there is only one more lecture,
      tonight for Daryl I change <br/>it about a bit, this repetition is somewhat
      boring when the audience (except <br/>at ) is not stimulating.<br/><br/>Reading
      Antal I have discovered in his notes (close with  below <br/>the landscape of
      his letter-press) various references to Georgiore, Vosso, <br/>Dorri, Ariosto,
      Venetian mannerism and baroque: nothing important<br/>but useful remarks you
      may be interested in.  Do you think M would lend <br/>me the  Ferrari book for
      the duration of our next week together?<br/><br/>Thank you for reminding me
      of Seaton Delaval, but it is not, in fact, near <br/>Seaton Carew.  The nearest
      I have been to Deaval is Newcastle (the North of <br/>Newcastle) when I was
      unfortunately short of time and its a great many <br/>miles from S. Carew, alas.  I
      did see, however, the impressive ruins of<br/>Whitely Abbey on the cliff above
      that over-rated medieval "beauty-spot"?<br/><br/>Today is mild and windy and
      the waves are mounting high and dramatically<br/>along the promenade.  This
      will be my last letter from the North but let<br/>me assure you I shall not
      stop thinking of you.  I look forward with<br/>happy anticipation to seeing
      you on Monday.  I shall be at Blackheath<br/>from about one o''clock onwards.  What
      time shall I expect you?<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence.'
    charcount: 2156
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/841f71ec-1b15-498b-9269-217fa96e5dff.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9183582
    median_ratio: 0.9208211
    max_ratio: 0.9289373
    min_ratio: 0.903187
    total_ratio: 4.5917908
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.4155099
    median_dissimilarity: 0.2065147
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.077551
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66444061
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345142
    user_name: JanetCormack
    created_at: 1.5024479e+09
    started_on: 1.5024464e+09
    ended_on: 1.5024479e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5018715e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039611e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5024096e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1515.4909999
    minutes_annotating: 25.2581833
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Seaton Carew 3 XI 50\nDearest Sylvia\nWhat a stupid and misguided
      selection committee responsible for the S. E. A exhibition! How exasperating
      of them - and what a gloomy augur of the standard we may expect of the whole
      exhibition. However, what is important to me is that you have completed so large
      a work - and I look forward passionately to seeing it in the near future. I
      am delighted that the moronic committee does not discourage you from beginning
      your 'cabbages'. What a brave and sensible cat: I love you for your creative
      energy and courage.\nThe sale at Christies appears to have been delightful.
      Thank you for the drawing up the  [unclear]playman[/unclear] which seems to
      be a most unusual picture. The composition is [unclear]roguell[/unclear], illusively
      reminiscent of - I don't know what: at any rate it is startling and daring.\nLast
      night's talk was fairly successful I think and the discussion lasted 45 minutes.
      I am glad there is only one more lecture, tonight for, though I change it about
      a bit, this repetition is somewhat boring when the audience (except at Whitby)
      is not stimulating.\nReading Antal I have discovered in his final notes (those
      rich mines below the landscapes of his letter press) various references to Georgione,
      Dosso Dossi , Ariosto, Venetian mannerism and baroque: nothing important but
      useful  remarks you may be interested in. Do you think M would lend me the Gaudenzio
      Ferrari book for the duration of our next week together?\nThank M for reminding
      me of Seaton Delaval, but it is not, in fact, near Seaton Carew. The nearest
      I have been to Delaval is Newcastle (its North of Newcastle) when I was unfortunately
      short of time and its a great many miles from S. Carew, alas. I did see, however,
      the impressive ruins of Whitby Abbey on the cliff above that over-rated medieval
      'beauty spot'?\nToday is wild & windy & the waves are mounting high & dramatically
      along the promenade. This will be my last letter from the North but let me assure
      you I shall not stop thinking of you. I look forward with happy anticipation
      to seeing you on Monday. I shall be at Blackheath from about one o'clock onwards.
      What time shall I expect you?\nI love you \nLawrence\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Seaton Carew 3 XI 50<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>What a stupid
      and misguided selection committee responsible for the S. E. A exhibition! How
      exasperating of them - and what a gloomy augur of the standard we may expect
      of the whole exhibition. However, what is important to me is that you have completed
      so large a work - and I look forward passionately to seeing it in the near future.
      I am delighted that the moronic committee does not discourage you from beginning
      your ''cabbages''. What a brave and sensible cat: I love you for your creative
      energy and courage.<br/>The sale at Christies appears to have been delightful.
      Thank you for the drawing up the  playman which seems to be a most unusual picture.
      The composition is roguell, illusively reminiscent of - I don''t know what:
      at any rate it is startling and daring.<br/>Last night''s talk was fairly successful
      I think and the discussion lasted 45 minutes. I am glad there is only one more
      lecture, tonight for, though I change it about a bit, this repetition is somewhat
      boring when the audience (except at Whitby) is not stimulating.<br/>Reading
      Antal I have discovered in his final notes (those rich mines below the landscapes
      of his letter press) various references to Georgione, Dosso Dossi , Ariosto,
      Venetian mannerism and baroque: nothing important but useful  remarks you may
      be interested in. Do you think M would lend me the Gaudenzio Ferrari book for
      the duration of our next week together?<br/>Thank M for reminding me of Seaton
      Delaval, but it is not, in fact, near Seaton Carew. The nearest I have been
      to Delaval is Newcastle (its North of Newcastle) when I was unfortunately short
      of time and its a great many miles from S. Carew, alas. I did see, however,
      the impressive ruins of Whitby Abbey on the cliff above that over-rated medieval
      ''beauty spot''?<br/>Today is wild & windy & the waves are mounting high & dramatically
      along the promenade. This will be my last letter from the North but let me assure
      you I shall not stop thinking of you. I look forward with happy anticipation
      to seeing you on Monday. I shall be at Blackheath from about one o''clock onwards.
      What time shall I expect you?<br/>I love you <br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2155
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/841f71ec-1b15-498b-9269-217fa96e5dff.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9437618
    median_ratio: 0.9451728
    max_ratio: 0.967609
    min_ratio: 0.9146121
    total_ratio: 4.7188089
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.4155099
    median_dissimilarity: 0.2065147
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.077551
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66567191
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345142
    user_name: ethomson
    created_at: 1.5025455e+09
    started_on: 1.5025443e+09
    ended_on: 1.5025455e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5018715e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039611e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502496e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1128.8930001
    minutes_annotating: 18.8148833
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Seaton Carew 3 XI 50\nDearest Sylvia\nWhat a stupid and misguided
      selection committee responsible for the S.C.A. ex-\nhibition! How exasperating
      of them - and what a gloomy augur of the standard\nwe may expect of the whole
      exhibition. However, what is important to me is\nthat you have completed so
      large a work - and I look forward passionately\nto seeing it in the near future.
      I am delighted that the moronic committee\ndoes not discourage you from beginning
      your 'cabbages'. What a brave &\nsensible cat: I love you for your creative
      energy and courage.\nThe sale at Christies appears to have been delightful.
      Thank you for the\ndrawing of the Hayman which seems to be a most unusual picture.
      The composi-\nion is vaguely, illusively reminiscent of - I don't know what:
      at any rate\nit is startling and daring.\nLast night's talk was fairly successful
      I think and the discussion lasted 45\nminutes. I am glad there is only one more
      lecture, tonight for, though I change\nit about a bit, this repetition is somewhat
      boring when the audience (except \nat Whitby) is not stimulating.\nReading Antal
      I have discovered in his foot notes (those rich mines below\nthe landscape of
      his letter-press) various references to Giorgione, [unclear]Vasso[/unclear],
      [unclear]Dorri[/unclear], Ariosto, Venetian mannerism and baroque: nothing important\nbut
      useful remarks you may be interested in. Do you think M. would lend\nme the
      Ganderzio Ferrari book for the duration of our next week together?\nThank M.
      for reminding me of Seaton Delaval, but it is not, in fact, near\nSeaton Carew.
      The nearest I have been to Delaval is Newcastle (its North of\nNewcastle) when
      I was unfortunately short of time and its a great many\nmiles from S. Carew,
      alas. I did see, however, the impressive ruins of\nWhitby Abbey on the cliff
      above that over-rated medieval 'beauty-spot'.\nToday is mild & windy & the waves
      are mounting high & dramatically\nalong the promenade. This will be my last
      letter from the North but let\nme assure you I shall not stop thinking of you.
      I look forward with\nhappy anticipation to seeing you on Monday. I shall be
      at Blackheath\nfrom about one o'clock onwards. What time shall I expect you?\nI
      love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Seaton Carew 3 XI 50<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>What a stupid
      and misguided selection committee responsible for the S.C.A. ex-<br/>hibition!
      How exasperating of them - and what a gloomy augur of the standard<br/>we may
      expect of the whole exhibition. However, what is important to me is<br/>that
      you have completed so large a work - and I look forward passionately<br/>to
      seeing it in the near future. I am delighted that the moronic committee<br/>does
      not discourage you from beginning your ''cabbages''. What a brave &<br/>sensible
      cat: I love you for your creative energy and courage.<br/>The sale at Christies
      appears to have been delightful. Thank you for the<br/>drawing of the Hayman
      which seems to be a most unusual picture. The composi-<br/>ion is vaguely, illusively
      reminiscent of - I don''t know what: at any rate<br/>it is startling and daring.<br/>Last
      night''s talk was fairly successful I think and the discussion lasted 45<br/>minutes.
      I am glad there is only one more lecture, tonight for, though I change<br/>it
      about a bit, this repetition is somewhat boring when the audience (except <br/>at
      Whitby) is not stimulating.<br/>Reading Antal I have discovered in his foot
      notes (those rich mines below<br/>the landscape of his letter-press) various
      references to Giorgione, Vasso, Dorri, Ariosto, Venetian mannerism and baroque:
      nothing important<br/>but useful remarks you may be interested in. Do you think
      M. would lend<br/>me the Ganderzio Ferrari book for the duration of our next
      week together?<br/>Thank M. for reminding me of Seaton Delaval, but it is not,
      in fact, near<br/>Seaton Carew. The nearest I have been to Delaval is Newcastle
      (its North of<br/>Newcastle) when I was unfortunately short of time and its
      a great many<br/>miles from S. Carew, alas. I did see, however, the impressive
      ruins of<br/>Whitby Abbey on the cliff above that over-rated medieval ''beauty-spot''.<br/>Today
      is mild & windy & the waves are mounting high & dramatically<br/>along the promenade.
      This will be my last letter from the North but let<br/>me assure you I shall
      not stop thinking of you. I look forward with<br/>happy anticipation to seeing
      you on Monday. I shall be at Blackheath<br/>from about one o''clock onwards.
      What time shall I expect you?<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2151
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/841f71ec-1b15-498b-9269-217fa96e5dff.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9472951
    median_ratio: 0.9494712
    max_ratio: 0.9648094
    min_ratio: 0.925436
    total_ratio: 4.7364757
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.4155099
    median_dissimilarity: 0.2065147
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.077551
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66687152
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345142
    user_name: xuelee
    created_at: 1.5026421e+09
    started_on: 1.5026421e+09
    ended_on: 1.5026421e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:52.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/52.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5018715e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039611e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5025824e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 14.954
    minutes_annotating: 0.2492333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:52.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/52.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '52'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows Vista
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: ''
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: ''
    charcount: 0
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/841f71ec-1b15-498b-9269-217fa96e5dff.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.0e+00
    median_ratio: 0.0e+00
    max_ratio: 0.0e+00
    min_ratio: 0.0e+00
    total_ratio: 0.0e+00
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.4155099
    median_dissimilarity: 0.2065147
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.077551
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66946902
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345142
    user_name: emcarleton
    created_at: 1.5028153e+09
    started_on: 1.5028105e+09
    ended_on: 1.5028153e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5018715e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039611e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5027552e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 4763.312
    minutes_annotating: 79.3885333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Dearest Sylvia\nWhat a stupid and misguided selection committee
      responsible for the S.E.A. ex-\nhibition! How exasperating of them- and what
      a gloomy auger of the standard\nwe may expect of the whole exhibition. However,
      what is important to me is\nthat you have completed so large a work- and I look
      forward passionately\nto seeing it in the near future. I am delighted that the
      moronic committee\ndoes not discourage you from beginning your 'cabbages', what
      a brave & sensible cat: I love you for your creative and courage.\n\nThe sale
      at [unclear][/unclear] appear to have been delightful. Thank you for the \ndrawing
      of the [unclear][/unclear] which seems to be a most unusual picture. The composi-\ntion
      is [unclear][/unclear], illusively reminiscent of- I don't know what:\nit is
      [unclear][/unclear] and daring.\n\nLast night's talk was fairly successful I
      think and the discussion lasted 45 \nminutes. I am glad there is only one more
      lecture, tonight for, though I change\nit about a bit, this repetition is somewhat
      [unclear]tiring[/unclear] when the audience (except \nat [unclear][/unclear]
      is not stimulating.\n\nReading [unclear][/unclear] I have discovered in his
      [unclear][/unclear] rates ( those [unclear][/unclear] [unclear][/unclear] below\nthe
      landscape of his letter-press) various references to georgians, vosso\n[unclear][/unclear],
      [unclear][/unclear], venetian mannerisms and baroque: nothing important\nbut
      useful [unclear][/unclear] you may be interested in. Do you think M would lend\nme
      the [unclear][/unclear] [unclear][/unclear] book for the duration of our next
      week together?\n\nThank M. for reminding me of Seaton Delaval, but it is not,
      in fact, near Seaton Carew . The nearest I have been to Seaton Delaval is Newcastle
      (it's North of Newcastle) when I was unfortunately short of time and it's a
      great many\nmiles from S. Carew, alas. I did see, however, the impressive ruins
      of whitby abbey in the cliff above that one- noted medieval [unclear][/unclear]
      [unclear][/unclear]?\n\nToday is wild & windy & the waves are mounting high
      & [unclear][/unclear]\nalong the promenade. This will be my last letter from
      the North but let\nme assure you I shall not stop thinking of you. I look forward
      with\nhappy antipication to seeing you on Monday. I shall be at Blackheath\nfrom
      about one o'oclock onwards. What time shall I expect you?\n\nI love you\nLawrence\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 18
    clean_transcription: 'Dearest Sylvia<br/>What a stupid and misguided selection
      committee responsible for the S.E.A. ex-<br/>hibition! How exasperating of them-
      and what a gloomy auger of the standard<br/>we may expect of the whole exhibition.
      However, what is important to me is<br/>that you have completed so large a work-
      and I look forward passionately<br/>to seeing it in the near future. I am delighted
      that the moronic committee<br/>does not discourage you from beginning your ''cabbages'',
      what a brave & sensible cat: I love you for your creative and courage.<br/><br/>The
      sale at  appear to have been delightful. Thank you for the <br/>drawing of the  which
      seems to be a most unusual picture. The composi-<br/>tion is , illusively reminiscent
      of- I don''t know what:<br/>it is  and daring.<br/><br/>Last night''s talk was
      fairly successful I think and the discussion lasted 45 <br/>minutes. I am glad
      there is only one more lecture, tonight for, though I change<br/>it about a
      bit, this repetition is somewhat tiring when the audience (except <br/>at  is
      not stimulating.<br/><br/>Reading  I have discovered in his  rates ( those   below<br/>the
      landscape of his letter-press) various references to georgians, vosso<br/>,
      , venetian mannerisms and baroque: nothing important<br/>but useful  you may
      be interested in. Do you think M would lend<br/>me the   book for the duration
      of our next week together?<br/><br/>Thank M. for reminding me of Seaton Delaval,
      but it is not, in fact, near Seaton Carew . The nearest I have been to Seaton
      Delaval is Newcastle (it''s North of Newcastle) when I was unfortunately short
      of time and it''s a great many<br/>miles from S. Carew, alas. I did see, however,
      the impressive ruins of whitby abbey in the cliff above that one- noted medieval  ?<br/><br/>Today
      is wild & windy & the waves are mounting high & <br/>along the promenade. This
      will be my last letter from the North but let<br/>me assure you I shall not
      stop thinking of you. I look forward with<br/>happy antipication to seeing you
      on Monday. I shall be at Blackheath<br/>from about one o''oclock onwards. What
      time shall I expect you?<br/><br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2014
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/841f71ec-1b15-498b-9269-217fa96e5dff.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8572722
    median_ratio: 0.8645465
    max_ratio: 0.8682956
    min_ratio: 0.8382441
    total_ratio: 4.286361
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.4155099
    median_dissimilarity: 0.2065147
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.077551
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68531783
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345142
    user_name: tmeconverse
    created_at: 1.5039611e+09
    started_on: 1.5039487e+09
    ended_on: 1.5039611e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5018715e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039611e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5038784e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 12415.6829998
    minutes_annotating: 206.92805
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Seaton Carew     3 xi  50\n\nDearest Sylvia\n   What a stupid
      and misguided selection committee responsible for the S.E.A. exhibition!  How
      exasperating of them - and what a gloomy auger of the standard we may expect
      of the whole exhibition.  However, what is important to us is that you have
      completed so large a work - and I look forward passionately to seeing it in
      the near future.  I am delighted that the moronic committee does not discourage
      you from beginning your 'cabbages'.  What a  brave and sensible cat:  I love
      you for your creative energy and courage.\n   The sale at Christie's appears
      to have been delightful.  Thank you for the drawing of the Maywar which seems
      to be a most unusual picture.  The comparison is vaguely, illusively reminiscent
      of - I don't know what: at any rate it is startling and daring.\n   Last night's
      talk was fairly successful I think and the discussion lasted 65 minutes.  I
      am glad there is only one more lecture, tonight for, though I change it about
      a bit, the repetition is somewhat boring when the audience (except at Whitly)
      is not stimulating.\n   Reading Antal I have discovered in his foot notes (those
      rich mines below the landscape of his letter-press) various reference to Georgione,
      [unclear]Varro [/unclear]Dosri, Ariosto, Venetian mannerism and baroque:  nothing
      important but useful remarks you may be interested in.  Do you think M. would
      lend me the [unclear]Sandergio[/unclear] Ferrari books for the duration of our
      next week together?\n   Thank you for reminding me of Seaton[unclear] Odarral[/unclear],
      but it not, in fact, near Seaton Carew.  The nearest I have been to [unclear]Oclvel
      [/unclear]is Newcastle (it's North of Newcastle) when I was unfortunately short
      of time and it's a great many miles from S. Carew, alas.  I did see, however,
      the impressive ruins of Whitly \nAbbey on the cliff above that over-rated medieval
      'beauty-spot?\n   Today is mild & windy & and the waves are mounting high &
      dramatically along the promenade.  This will be my last letter from the North
      but let me assure you I shall not stop thinking of you.  I look forward with
      happy anticipation to seeing you on Monday.  I shall be at Blackheath from about
      one o'clock onwards.  What time shall I expect you?\n\n       I love you\n             Lawrence\n
      \  "
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 4
    clean_transcription: 'Seaton Carew     3 xi  50<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>   What
      a stupid and misguided selection committee responsible for the S.E.A. exhibition!  How
      exasperating of them - and what a gloomy auger of the standard we may expect
      of the whole exhibition.  However, what is important to us is that you have
      completed so large a work - and I look forward passionately to seeing it in
      the near future.  I am delighted that the moronic committee does not discourage
      you from beginning your ''cabbages''.  What a  brave and sensible cat:  I love
      you for your creative energy and courage.<br/>   The sale at Christie''s appears
      to have been delightful.  Thank you for the drawing of the Maywar which seems
      to be a most unusual picture.  The comparison is vaguely, illusively reminiscent
      of - I don''t know what: at any rate it is startling and daring.<br/>   Last
      night''s talk was fairly successful I think and the discussion lasted 65 minutes.  I
      am glad there is only one more lecture, tonight for, though I change it about
      a bit, the repetition is somewhat boring when the audience (except at Whitly)
      is not stimulating.<br/>   Reading Antal I have discovered in his foot notes
      (those rich mines below the landscape of his letter-press) various reference
      to Georgione, Varro Dosri, Ariosto, Venetian mannerism and baroque:  nothing
      important but useful remarks you may be interested in.  Do you think M. would
      lend me the Sandergio Ferrari books for the duration of our next week together?<br/>   Thank
      you for reminding me of Seaton Odarral, but it not, in fact, near Seaton Carew.  The
      nearest I have been to Oclvel is Newcastle (it''s North of Newcastle) when I
      was unfortunately short of time and it''s a great many miles from S. Carew,
      alas.  I did see, however, the impressive ruins of Whitly <br/>Abbey on the
      cliff above that over-rated medieval ''beauty-spot?<br/>   Today is mild & windy
      & and the waves are mounting high & dramatically along the promenade.  This
      will be my last letter from the North but let me assure you I shall not stop
      thinking of you.  I look forward with happy anticipation to seeing you on Monday.  I
      shall be at Blackheath from about one o''clock onwards.  What time shall I expect
      you?<br/><br/>       I love you<br/>             Lawrence<br/>   '
    charcount: 2216
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/841f71ec-1b15-498b-9269-217fa96e5dff.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9278496
    median_ratio: 0.9290822
    max_ratio: 0.9452297
    min_ratio: 0.9073963
    total_ratio: 4.6392482
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.4155099
    median_dissimilarity: 0.2065147
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.077551
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68569574
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345142
    user_name: ALBECA
    created_at: 1.5040052e+09
    started_on: 1.5039619e+09
    ended_on: 1.5040052e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/46.0.2486.0 Safari/537.36 Edge/13.10586
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5018715e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5039611e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5039648e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 43340.2320001
    minutes_annotating: 722.3372
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/46.0.2486.0 Safari/537.36 Edge/13.10586
    ua.family: Edge
    ua.major: '13'
    ua.minor: '10586'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Seaton Carow 3 x1 50\nDearest Sylvia\nWhat a stupid and misguided
      selection committee responsible for the S.C.A. exhibition! How exasperating
      of them and what a gloomy anger of the standard [unclear][/unclear] way expert
      at the whole exhibition. However, what is important to me is that you have completed
      so large a work - and I look forward passionately to seeing it in the near future.
      I am delighted that the [unclear]maronie [/unclear] committee does not discourage
      you from begining your [unclear]'cobboge' [/unclear]. What a [unclear][/unclear]
      & sensible cat: I love you for your creative energy and courage.\nThe sale at
      Chirtre appears to have been delightful. Thank you for the drawing w/the [unclear][/unclear]
      which seems to be a smart unusual picture. The corporation is vogues , illusively
      reminiscent of - I don't know what: at any rate it is startling and daring.\nLast
      night's talk was fairly successful I think and the discussion started 45 minutes.
      I am glad there is only one more lecture, tonight for though I change it about
      a bit, this repetition is somewhat boring when the audience (except at [unclear][/unclear])
      is not stimulating.\nReading Antal I have discovered in his foot notes (those
      rich mines below the landscape of his letter press) various references to Georgian,
      Vosso, Dorri, Ariosto, Venetian mannerism and baroque: nothing important but
      useful remarks you may be interested in. Do you think [unclear][/unclear] lent
      me the Virginio Ferrari book for the duration of our next week together? \nThank
      M. for reminding me of Seaton Island, but it is not, in fact, near Seaton Carew.
      The nearest I have been to Delavel is Newcastle (its North of Newcastle) when
      I was unfortunately short of time and its a great many miles from S. Carew,
      alas. I did see, however, the impressive ruins of Whitly Abbey on the cliff
      above that over-rated medieval [unclear][/unclear]-spot?\nToday is mild & windy
      & the manes are mounting high & dramatically along the promenade. This will
      be my last letter from the North but let me reassure you I shall not stop thinking
      of you. I look forward with happy anticipation to seeing you on Monday. I shall
      be at Blackheath from about one o'clock onwards. What time shall I expect you?\nI
      love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 8
    clean_transcription: 'Seaton Carow 3 x1 50<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>What a stupid
      and misguided selection committee responsible for the S.C.A. exhibition! How
      exasperating of them and what a gloomy anger of the standard  way expert at
      the whole exhibition. However, what is important to me is that you have completed
      so large a work - and I look forward passionately to seeing it in the near future.
      I am delighted that the maronie  committee does not discourage you from begining
      your ''cobboge'' . What a  & sensible cat: I love you for your creative energy
      and courage.<br/>The sale at Chirtre appears to have been delightful. Thank
      you for the drawing w/the  which seems to be a smart unusual picture. The corporation
      is vogues , illusively reminiscent of - I don''t know what: at any rate it is
      startling and daring.<br/>Last night''s talk was fairly successful I think and
      the discussion started 45 minutes. I am glad there is only one more lecture,
      tonight for though I change it about a bit, this repetition is somewhat boring
      when the audience (except at ) is not stimulating.<br/>Reading Antal I have
      discovered in his foot notes (those rich mines below the landscape of his letter
      press) various references to Georgian, Vosso, Dorri, Ariosto, Venetian mannerism
      and baroque: nothing important but useful remarks you may be interested in.
      Do you think  lent me the Virginio Ferrari book for the duration of our next
      week together? <br/>Thank M. for reminding me of Seaton Island, but it is not,
      in fact, near Seaton Carew. The nearest I have been to Delavel is Newcastle
      (its North of Newcastle) when I was unfortunately short of time and its a great
      many miles from S. Carew, alas. I did see, however, the impressive ruins of
      Whitly Abbey on the cliff above that over-rated medieval -spot?<br/>Today is
      mild & windy & the manes are mounting high & dramatically along the promenade.
      This will be my last letter from the North but let me reassure you I shall not
      stop thinking of you. I look forward with happy anticipation to seeing you on
      Monday. I shall be at Blackheath from about one o''clock onwards. What time
      shall I expect you?<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2108
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/841f71ec-1b15-498b-9269-217fa96e5dff.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8984127
    median_ratio: 0.8988476
    max_ratio: 0.9046484
    min_ratio: 0.8918919
    total_ratio: 4.4920637
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.4155099
    median_dissimilarity: 0.2065147
    max_dissimilarity: 1.0
    min_dissimilarity: 0.077551
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f10_009.jpg

---
