---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_046
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65306172
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931635
    user_name: not-logged-in-614fc167e970c8cbd0c1
    created_at: 1.5016083e+09
    started_on: 1.5016072e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016083e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_046.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016083e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016189e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1115.1780002
    minutes_annotating: 18.5863
    n_annotations: 8
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "11 mansel road \nwimbledon\n12 vi 1948\nMy dearest Sylvia,\nI
      usually post my letters in a box at the end of the road,\nat the bottom of the
      hill. How many times have I been to\nit I wonder with letters for you. the phallic
      beast is in-\nsatiable, no matter how many letters I give it to eat. It\nis
      always there, telling me to write more often, at greater\nlength: 'I've got
      room of hundreds more'.\n\nThis evening I was restless and wanted exercise so
      I walk-\ned and walked. Through urban scenery all the way. Waste\nland between
      factories and a dead railway line, Wandsworth\nBridge with a dreary Whistlerian
      late sunset effect, two pro-\nstitutes having a fit and charging at a wall,
      crowds overflowing\nthe pavements as they left Olympia. And finally a few rides\nin
      'dodgem' cars at Hammersmith, symbolically swerving, bump-\ning, charging. The
      result of this four hours is a convic-\ntion of the Absurd (Camus). Coming back
      I passed the letter\nbox with its mouth open.\n\nToday I went to Guildhall and
      saw some Spanish pictures\nfrom the Cook Collection, a group of great interest,
      includ-\ning a portrait of Velasquez attributed to his mulatto ser-\nvant. While
      in the neighbourhood I visited St Stephens\nWalbrook as you recommended some
      time ago and was delighted\nby the spatial effects of inside as far as they
      were intell-\nigible. Repair is going ahead fairly well it seems.\n\nI should
      have written above 'yesterday I went to the Guild-\nhall'. It is now 12.20.
      I wonder if you are asleep? It\nis very close here for comfortable sleep. No
      owls tonight\nthough often I can hear them in the great trees at the end of\nthe
      garden. Yesterday in my long walk I saw three bushes\nof white roses by a canal,
      not far from Lady Hamilton's home\nin Mitcham. A pylon soared above them. They
      were delicious-\nly creamy. The bushes nodded in unison at the touch of a\nwind.\n\nWhen
      I wake up I shall finish this letter; if I post it in\ngood time you will get
      it for sure on Monday. Don't forget\nto give me instructions about your slides,
      for time is getting\nshort. 18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12. It is the 12th already
      - \njust. I love you.\n\nYes, I will most certainly go to the N.G. and get the
      post-\ncards for you. I shall do so on Monday as I am meeting John-\nson at
      noon there. And a bulb of garlic. Perhaps I better\nbring a bulb for everyone
      at the Rectory: is it vampyres?\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '11 mansel road <br/>wimbledon<br/>12 vi 1948<br/>My dearest
      Sylvia,<br/>I usually post my letters in a box at the end of the road,<br/>at
      the bottom of the hill. How many times have I been to<br/>it I wonder with letters
      for you. the phallic beast is in-<br/>satiable, no matter how many letters I
      give it to eat. It<br/>is always there, telling me to write more often, at greater<br/>length:
      ''I''ve got room of hundreds more''.<br/><br/>This evening I was restless and
      wanted exercise so I walk-<br/>ed and walked. Through urban scenery all the
      way. Waste<br/>land between factories and a dead railway line, Wandsworth<br/>Bridge
      with a dreary Whistlerian late sunset effect, two pro-<br/>stitutes having a
      fit and charging at a wall, crowds overflowing<br/>the pavements as they left
      Olympia. And finally a few rides<br/>in ''dodgem'' cars at Hammersmith, symbolically
      swerving, bump-<br/>ing, charging. The result of this four hours is a convic-<br/>tion
      of the Absurd (Camus). Coming back I passed the letter<br/>box with its mouth
      open.<br/><br/>Today I went to Guildhall and saw some Spanish pictures<br/>from
      the Cook Collection, a group of great interest, includ-<br/>ing a portrait of
      Velasquez attributed to his mulatto ser-<br/>vant. While in the neighbourhood
      I visited St Stephens<br/>Walbrook as you recommended some time ago and was
      delighted<br/>by the spatial effects of inside as far as they were intell-<br/>igible.
      Repair is going ahead fairly well it seems.<br/><br/>I should have written above
      ''yesterday I went to the Guild-<br/>hall''. It is now 12.20. I wonder if you
      are asleep? It<br/>is very close here for comfortable sleep. No owls tonight<br/>though
      often I can hear them in the great trees at the end of<br/>the garden. Yesterday
      in my long walk I saw three bushes<br/>of white roses by a canal, not far from
      Lady Hamilton''s home<br/>in Mitcham. A pylon soared above them. They were delicious-<br/>ly
      creamy. The bushes nodded in unison at the touch of a<br/>wind.<br/><br/>When
      I wake up I shall finish this letter; if I post it in<br/>good time you will
      get it for sure on Monday. Don''t forget<br/>to give me instructions about your
      slides, for time is getting<br/>short. 18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12. It is the
      12th already - <br/>just. I love you.<br/><br/>Yes, I will most certainly go
      to the N.G. and get the post-<br/>cards for you. I shall do so on Monday as
      I am meeting John-<br/>son at noon there. And a bulb of garlic. Perhaps I better<br/>bring
      a bulb for everyone at the Rectory: is it vampyres?<br/>'
    charcount: 2339
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9e82dae9-ed5e-4378-a2ff-44534c85eae6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9713623
    median_ratio: 0.9715154
    max_ratio: 0.9750271
    min_ratio: 0.9673913
    total_ratio: 3.8854493
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0388109
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0372879
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0533742
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0224159
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65311326
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931635
    user_name: sroosa
    created_at: 1.5016102e+09
    started_on: 1.5016092e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016102e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/58.0.3029.110 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_046.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016083e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016189e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 981.9809999
    minutes_annotating: 16.36635
    n_annotations: 8
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/58.0.3029.110 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '58'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3029'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      11 mansel road
      wimbledon
      12 vi 1948

      My dearest Sylvia,

      I usually post my letters in a box at the end of the road,
      at the bottom of the hill. How many times have I been to
      it I wonder with letters for you. The phallic beast in-
      satiable, no matter how many letters I give it to eat. It
      is always there, telling me to write more often, at greater
      length: 'I've got room of hundreds more'.

      This evening I was restless and wanted exercise as I walk-
      ed and walked. Through urban scenery all the way. Waste
      land between factories and a dead railway line, Wandsworth
      Bridge with a dreary Whistlerian late sunset effect; two pro-
      stitutes teasing a mentally deficient cripple in a bus, a
      man having a fit and charging at a wall, crowds overflowing
      the pavements as they left Olympia. And finally a few rides
      in 'dodgem' cars at Hammersmith, symbolically swerving, bump-
      ing, charging. The result of this four hours is a convic-
      tion of the Absurd (Camus). Coming back I passed the letter
      box with its mouth open.

      Today I went to Guildhall and saw some Spanish pictures
      from the Cook Collection, a group of great interest, includ-
      ing a portrait of Velasquez attributed to his mulatto ser-
      vant. While in the neighborhood I visited St Stephens
      Walbreck as you recommended some time ago and was delighted
      by the spatial effects of inside as far as they were intell-
      igible. Repair is going ahead fairly well it seems.

      I should have written above 'yesterday I went to the Guild-
      hall'. It is no 12.20. I wonder if you are asleep? It
      is very close here for comfortable sleep. No owls tonight
      though often I can hear them in the great trees at the end of
      the garden. Yesterday in my long walk I saw three bushes
      of white roses by a canal, not far from lady Hamilton's home
      in Mitcham. A pylon scared above them. They were delicious-
      ly creamy. The bushes nodded in unison at the touch of a
      wind.

      When I wake up I shall finish this letter; if I post it in
      good time you will get it for sure on Monday. Don't forget
      to give me instructions about your slides, for time is getting
      short. 18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12. It is the 12th already -
      just. I love you.

      Yes, I will most certainly go to the N.G. and get the post-
      cards for you. I shall do so on Monday as I am meeting John-
      son at noon there. And a bulb of garlic. Perhaps I better
      bring a bulb for everyone at the Rectory: is it vampyres?
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '11 mansel road<br/>wimbledon<br/>12 vi 1948<br/><br/>My
      dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I usually post my letters in a box at the end of the
      road,<br/>at the bottom of the hill. How many times have I been to<br/>it I
      wonder with letters for you. The phallic beast in-<br/>satiable, no matter how
      many letters I give it to eat. It<br/>is always there, telling me to write more
      often, at greater<br/>length: ''I''ve got room of hundreds more''.<br/><br/>This
      evening I was restless and wanted exercise as I walk-<br/>ed and walked. Through
      urban scenery all the way. Waste<br/>land between factories and a dead railway
      line, Wandsworth<br/>Bridge with a dreary Whistlerian late sunset effect; two
      pro-<br/>stitutes teasing a mentally deficient cripple in a bus, a<br/>man having
      a fit and charging at a wall, crowds overflowing<br/>the pavements as they left
      Olympia. And finally a few rides<br/>in ''dodgem'' cars at Hammersmith, symbolically
      swerving, bump-<br/>ing, charging. The result of this four hours is a convic-<br/>tion
      of the Absurd (Camus). Coming back I passed the letter<br/>box with its mouth
      open.<br/><br/>Today I went to Guildhall and saw some Spanish pictures<br/>from
      the Cook Collection, a group of great interest, includ-<br/>ing a portrait of
      Velasquez attributed to his mulatto ser-<br/>vant. While in the neighborhood
      I visited St Stephens<br/>Walbreck as you recommended some time ago and was
      delighted<br/>by the spatial effects of inside as far as they were intell-<br/>igible.
      Repair is going ahead fairly well it seems.<br/><br/>I should have written above
      ''yesterday I went to the Guild-<br/>hall''. It is no 12.20. I wonder if you
      are asleep? It<br/>is very close here for comfortable sleep. No owls tonight<br/>though
      often I can hear them in the great trees at the end of<br/>the garden. Yesterday
      in my long walk I saw three bushes<br/>of white roses by a canal, not far from
      lady Hamilton''s home<br/>in Mitcham. A pylon scared above them. They were delicious-<br/>ly
      creamy. The bushes nodded in unison at the touch of a<br/>wind.<br/><br/>When
      I wake up I shall finish this letter; if I post it in<br/>good time you will
      get it for sure on Monday. Don''t forget<br/>to give me instructions about your
      slides, for time is getting<br/>short. 18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12. It is the
      12th already -<br/>just. I love you.<br/><br/>Yes, I will most certainly go
      to the N.G. and get the post-<br/>cards for you. I shall do so on Monday as
      I am meeting John-<br/>son at noon there. And a bulb of garlic. Perhaps I better<br/>bring
      a bulb for everyone at the Rectory: is it vampyres?'
    charcount: 2386
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9e82dae9-ed5e-4378-a2ff-44534c85eae6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9820157
    median_ratio: 0.9826276
    max_ratio: 0.9861265
    min_ratio: 0.9766811
    total_ratio: 3.9280628
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0388109
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0372879
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0533742
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0224159
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65311916
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931635
    user_name: Hoopster
    created_at: 1.5016104e+09
    started_on: 1.5016075e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016104e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/603.2.5
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.1 Safari/603.2.5
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_046.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016083e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016189e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2919.5829999
    minutes_annotating: 48.6597167
    n_annotations: 8
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/603.2.5
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.1 Safari/603.2.5
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '10'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '1'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "12 vi 1948                                        11 mansel
      road\n                                                           wimbledon\n\nMy
      dearest Sylvia,\n   I usually post my letters in a box at the end of the road,
      \nat the bottom of the hill. How many times have I been to\n it I wonder with
      letters for you. The phallic beast is in-\nsatiable, no matter how many letters
      I give it \nto eat. It is always there, telling me to write more often, at greater\n
      length: 'I've got room of hundreds more'.\n\n   This evening I was restless
      and wanted exercise so I walk-\ned and walked. Through urban scenery all the
      way. Waste\nland between factories and a dead railway line, Wandsworth\n Bridge
      with a dreary Whistlerian late sunset effect, two pro-\nstitutes teasing a mentally
      deficient cripple in a 'bus, a\n man having a fit and charging at a wall, crowds
      overflowing\n the pavements as they left Olympia. And finally a few rides \nin
      'dodgem' cars at Hammersmith, symbolically swerving, bump-\ning, charging. The
      result of this four hours is a convic-\ntion of the Absurd (Camus). Coming back
      I passed the letter\n box with its mouth open.\n\n   Today I went to Guildhall
      and saw some Spanish pictures\n from the Cook Collection, a group of great interest,
      includ-\ning a portrait of Velasquez attributed to his mulatto ser-\nvant. While
      in the neighbourhood I visited St Stephens\n Walbrook as you recommended some
      time ago and was delighted by the spatial effects inside as far as they were
      intell-\nigible. Repair is going ahead fairly well it seems.\n\n   I should
      have written above 'yesterday I went to the Guild-\nhall'. It is now 12.20.
      I wonder if you are asleep? It is very close here for comfortable sleep. No
      owls tonight\n though often I can hear them in the great trees at the end\n
      of the garden. Yesterday in my long walk I saw three bushes\n of white roses
      by a canal, not far from Lady Hamilton's home\n in Mitcham. A pylon soared above
      them. They were delicious-\nly creamy. The bushes nodded in unison at the touch
      of a\n wind.\n\n   When I wake up I shall finish this letter; if I post it in\n
      good time you will get it for sure on Monday. Don't forget\n to give me instructions
      about your slides, for time is getting\n short. 18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12.
      It is the 12th already - \njust. I love you.\n\n   Yes, I will most certainly
      go to the N.G. and get the post-\ncards for you. I shall do so on Monday as
      I am meeting John-\nson at noon there. And a bulb of garlic. Perhaps I better\n
      bring a bulb for everyone at the Rectory: is it vampyres? \n\n\n\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '12 vi 1948                                        11 mansel
      road<br/>                                                           wimbledon<br/><br/>My
      dearest Sylvia,<br/>   I usually post my letters in a box at the end of the
      road, <br/>at the bottom of the hill. How many times have I been to<br/> it
      I wonder with letters for you. The phallic beast is in-<br/>satiable, no matter
      how many letters I give it <br/>to eat. It is always there, telling me to write
      more often, at greater<br/> length: ''I''ve got room of hundreds more''.<br/><br/>   This
      evening I was restless and wanted exercise so I walk-<br/>ed and walked. Through
      urban scenery all the way. Waste<br/>land between factories and a dead railway
      line, Wandsworth<br/> Bridge with a dreary Whistlerian late sunset effect, two
      pro-<br/>stitutes teasing a mentally deficient cripple in a ''bus, a<br/> man
      having a fit and charging at a wall, crowds overflowing<br/> the pavements as
      they left Olympia. And finally a few rides <br/>in ''dodgem'' cars at Hammersmith,
      symbolically swerving, bump-<br/>ing, charging. The result of this four hours
      is a convic-<br/>tion of the Absurd (Camus). Coming back I passed the letter<br/>
      box with its mouth open.<br/><br/>   Today I went to Guildhall and saw some
      Spanish pictures<br/> from the Cook Collection, a group of great interest, includ-<br/>ing
      a portrait of Velasquez attributed to his mulatto ser-<br/>vant. While in the
      neighbourhood I visited St Stephens<br/> Walbrook as you recommended some time
      ago and was delighted by the spatial effects inside as far as they were intell-<br/>igible.
      Repair is going ahead fairly well it seems.<br/><br/>   I should have written
      above ''yesterday I went to the Guild-<br/>hall''. It is now 12.20. I wonder
      if you are asleep? It is very close here for comfortable sleep. No owls tonight<br/>
      though often I can hear them in the great trees at the end<br/> of the garden.
      Yesterday in my long walk I saw three bushes<br/> of white roses by a canal,
      not far from Lady Hamilton''s home<br/> in Mitcham. A pylon soared above them.
      They were delicious-<br/>ly creamy. The bushes nodded in unison at the touch
      of a<br/> wind.<br/><br/>   When I wake up I shall finish this letter; if I
      post it in<br/> good time you will get it for sure on Monday. Don''t forget<br/>
      to give me instructions about your slides, for time is getting<br/> short. 18,
      17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12. It is the 12th already - <br/>just. I love you.<br/><br/>   Yes,
      I will most certainly go to the N.G. and get the post-<br/>cards for you. I
      shall do so on Monday as I am meeting John-<br/>son at noon there. And a bulb
      of garlic. Perhaps I better<br/> bring a bulb for everyone at the Rectory: is
      it vampyres? <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2531
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9e82dae9-ed5e-4378-a2ff-44534c85eae6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9892399
    median_ratio: 0.9902333
    max_ratio: 0.9933407
    min_ratio: 0.9831522
    total_ratio: 3.9569595
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0388109
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0372879
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0533742
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0224159
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65321422
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931635
    user_name: not-logged-in-259a8879be5a42629e70
    created_at: 1.5016141e+09
    started_on: 1.5016094e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016141e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_046.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016083e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016189e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 4703.5930002
    minutes_annotating: 78.3932167
    n_annotations: 8
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "11 mansel road\nwimbledon\n12 vi 1948\n\nMy dearest Sylvia,\n\nI
      usually post my letters in a box at the end of the road,\nat the bottom of the
      hill. How many times have I been to\nit I wonder with letters for you. The phallic
      beast is in-\nsatiable, no matter how many letters I give it to eat. It\nis
      always there, telling me to write more often, at great\nlength: 'I've got room
      of hundreds more'. \n\nThis evenign I was restless and wanted exercise so I
      walk-\ned and walked. Through urban scenery all the way. Waste\nland between
      factories and a dead railway line, Wandsworth\nBridge with a dreary Whistlerian
      late sunset effect, two pro-\nstitutes teasing a mentally deficient cripple
      in a 'bus, a\nman having a fit and charging at a wall, crowds overflowing\nthe
      pavements as they left Olympia. And finally a few rides\nin 'dodgem' cars at
      Hammersmith, symbolically swerving, bump-\ning, charging. The result of this
      four hours is a convic-\ntion of the Absurd (Camus). Coming back I passed the
      letter\nbox with its mouth open.\n\nToday I went to Guildhall and saw some Spanish
      pictures\nfrom the Cook Collection, a group of great interest, includ-\ning
      a portrait of Velasquez attributed to his mulatto ser-\nvant. While in the neighbourhood
      I visited St Stephens\nWalbrook as you recommended some time ago and was delighted\nby
      the spatial effects of inside as far as they were intell-\nigible. Repair is
      going ahead fairly well it seems.\n\nI should have written above 'yesterday
      I went to the Guild-\nhall'. It is now 12.20. I wonder if you are asleep? It\nis
      very close here for comfortable sleep. No owls tonight\nthough often I can hear
      them in the great trees at the end of\nthe garden. Yesterday in my long walk
      I saw three bushes\nof white roses by a canal, not far from Lady Hamilton's
      home\nin Mitcham. A pylon soared above them. They were delicious-\nly creamy.
      The bushes nodded in unison at the touch of a\nwind.\n\nWhen I wake up I shall
      finish this letter; if I post it in\ngood time you will get it for sure on Monday.
      Don't forget\nto give me instructions about your slides, for time is getting\nshort.
      18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12. It is the 12th already - \njust. I love you.\n\nYes,
      i will most certainly go to the N.G. and get the post-\ncards for you. I shall
      do so on Monday as I am meeting John-\nson at noon there. And a bulb of garlic.
      Perhaps I better\nbring a bulb for everyone at the Rectory: is it vampyres?"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '11 mansel road<br/>wimbledon<br/>12 vi 1948<br/><br/>My
      dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I usually post my letters in a box at the end of the
      road,<br/>at the bottom of the hill. How many times have I been to<br/>it I
      wonder with letters for you. The phallic beast is in-<br/>satiable, no matter
      how many letters I give it to eat. It<br/>is always there, telling me to write
      more often, at great<br/>length: ''I''ve got room of hundreds more''. <br/><br/>This
      evenign I was restless and wanted exercise so I walk-<br/>ed and walked. Through
      urban scenery all the way. Waste<br/>land between factories and a dead railway
      line, Wandsworth<br/>Bridge with a dreary Whistlerian late sunset effect, two
      pro-<br/>stitutes teasing a mentally deficient cripple in a ''bus, a<br/>man
      having a fit and charging at a wall, crowds overflowing<br/>the pavements as
      they left Olympia. And finally a few rides<br/>in ''dodgem'' cars at Hammersmith,
      symbolically swerving, bump-<br/>ing, charging. The result of this four hours
      is a convic-<br/>tion of the Absurd (Camus). Coming back I passed the letter<br/>box
      with its mouth open.<br/><br/>Today I went to Guildhall and saw some Spanish
      pictures<br/>from the Cook Collection, a group of great interest, includ-<br/>ing
      a portrait of Velasquez attributed to his mulatto ser-<br/>vant. While in the
      neighbourhood I visited St Stephens<br/>Walbrook as you recommended some time
      ago and was delighted<br/>by the spatial effects of inside as far as they were
      intell-<br/>igible. Repair is going ahead fairly well it seems.<br/><br/>I should
      have written above ''yesterday I went to the Guild-<br/>hall''. It is now 12.20.
      I wonder if you are asleep? It<br/>is very close here for comfortable sleep.
      No owls tonight<br/>though often I can hear them in the great trees at the end
      of<br/>the garden. Yesterday in my long walk I saw three bushes<br/>of white
      roses by a canal, not far from Lady Hamilton''s home<br/>in Mitcham. A pylon
      soared above them. They were delicious-<br/>ly creamy. The bushes nodded in
      unison at the touch of a<br/>wind.<br/><br/>When I wake up I shall finish this
      letter; if I post it in<br/>good time you will get it for sure on Monday. Don''t
      forget<br/>to give me instructions about your slides, for time is getting<br/>short.
      18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12. It is the 12th already - <br/>just. I love you.<br/><br/>Yes,
      i will most certainly go to the N.G. and get the post-<br/>cards for you. I
      shall do so on Monday as I am meeting John-<br/>son at noon there. And a bulb
      of garlic. Perhaps I better<br/>bring a bulb for everyone at the Rectory: is
      it vampyres?'
    charcount: 2392
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9e82dae9-ed5e-4378-a2ff-44534c85eae6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9881587
    median_ratio: 0.9875218
    max_ratio: 0.9938957
    min_ratio: 0.9836957
    total_ratio: 3.952635
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0388109
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0372879
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0533742
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0224159
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65334364
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931635
    user_name: ChamboPip
    created_at: 1.5016189e+09
    started_on: 1.501617e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016189e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_046.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016083e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016189e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1894.8500001
    minutes_annotating: 31.5808333
    n_annotations: 8
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "12 vi 1948                                  11 mansel Road \n
      \                                                             Wimbledon\nMy
      dearest Sylvia,\n\nI usually post my letters in a box at the end of the road,\nat
      the bottom of the hill.  How many times have I been to\nit I wonder with letters
      for you.  The phallic beast is in-\nsatiable, no matter how many letters I give
      it to eat.  It\nis always there, telling me to write more often, at grater\nlength:
      \ \"I've got room of hundreds more\".\n\nThis evening I was restless and wanted
      exercise so I walk-\ned and walked.  Through urban scenery all the way.  Waste\nland
      between factories and a dead railway line, Wandsworth Bridge with a dreary Whistlerian
      late sunset effect, two pro-\nstitutes teasing a mentally deficient cripple
      in a 'bus, a\nman havinga fit and charging at a wall, crowds overflowing\nthe
      pavements as they left Olympia.  And finally a few rides\nin dogem' cars at
      Hammersmith, symbolically swerving, bump-\ning and charging.  The result of
      this four hours is a conviction of the Absurd (Camus).  Coming back I passed
      the letter\nbox with its mouth open.\n\nToday I went to Guildhall and saw some
      Spanish pictures\nfrom the Cook Collection, a group of great interest, includ-\ning
      a portrait of Velasques attributed to his mulatto ser-\nvant.  While in the
      neighbourhood I visited St Stephens\nWalbrook as you recommended some time ago
      and was delighted\nby the spatial effects of inside as far as they were intell-\nigible.
      \ Repair is going ahead fairly well it seems.\nI should have written above 'yesterday
      I went to the Guild-\nhall'.  It is now 12.20.  I wonder if you are asleep?
      \  It\nis very close here for comfortable sleep.  Now owls tonight\nthough often
      I can hear them in the great trees at the end of \nthe garden.  Yesterday in
      my long walk I saw three bushes\nof white roses by a canal, not far from Lady
      Hamilton's home\nin Mitcham.  A pylon soared above them, they were delicious\n-ly
      creamy.  the bushes nodded in unison at the touch of a \nwind.\nWhen I wake
      up I shall finish this letter; if I post it in \ngood time you will get it for
      sure on Monday.  Don't forget\nto give me instructions about your slides, for
      time is getting\nshort.   18,17,16,15,14,13,12.  It is the 12th already -\njust.
      \ I love you.\nYes I will most certainly go the N.G. and get the post-\ncards
      for you. I shall do so on Monday as I am meeting John-\nson at noon there.  And
      a bulb of garlic.  Perhaps I better\nbring a bulb for everyone at the Rectory:
      \ is it vampyres?"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '12 vi 1948                                  11 mansel Road
      <br/>                                                              Wimbledon<br/>My
      dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I usually post my letters in a box at the end of the
      road,<br/>at the bottom of the hill.  How many times have I been to<br/>it I
      wonder with letters for you.  The phallic beast is in-<br/>satiable, no matter
      how many letters I give it to eat.  It<br/>is always there, telling me to write
      more often, at grater<br/>length:  "I''ve got room of hundreds more".<br/><br/>This
      evening I was restless and wanted exercise so I walk-<br/>ed and walked.  Through
      urban scenery all the way.  Waste<br/>land between factories and a dead railway
      line, Wandsworth Bridge with a dreary Whistlerian late sunset effect, two pro-<br/>stitutes
      teasing a mentally deficient cripple in a ''bus, a<br/>man havinga fit and charging
      at a wall, crowds overflowing<br/>the pavements as they left Olympia.  And finally
      a few rides<br/>in dogem'' cars at Hammersmith, symbolically swerving, bump-<br/>ing
      and charging.  The result of this four hours is a conviction of the Absurd (Camus).  Coming
      back I passed the letter<br/>box with its mouth open.<br/><br/>Today I went
      to Guildhall and saw some Spanish pictures<br/>from the Cook Collection, a group
      of great interest, includ-<br/>ing a portrait of Velasques attributed to his
      mulatto ser-<br/>vant.  While in the neighbourhood I visited St Stephens<br/>Walbrook
      as you recommended some time ago and was delighted<br/>by the spatial effects
      of inside as far as they were intell-<br/>igible.  Repair is going ahead fairly
      well it seems.<br/>I should have written above ''yesterday I went to the Guild-<br/>hall''.  It
      is now 12.20.  I wonder if you are asleep?   It<br/>is very close here for comfortable
      sleep.  Now owls tonight<br/>though often I can hear them in the great trees
      at the end of <br/>the garden.  Yesterday in my long walk I saw three bushes<br/>of
      white roses by a canal, not far from Lady Hamilton''s home<br/>in Mitcham.  A
      pylon soared above them, they were delicious<br/>-ly creamy.  the bushes nodded
      in unison at the touch of a <br/>wind.<br/>When I wake up I shall finish this
      letter; if I post it in <br/>good time you will get it for sure on Monday.  Don''t
      forget<br/>to give me instructions about your slides, for time is getting<br/>short.   18,17,16,15,14,13,12.  It
      is the 12th already -<br/>just.  I love you.<br/>Yes I will most certainly go
      the N.G. and get the post-<br/>cards for you. I shall do so on Monday as I am
      meeting John-<br/>son at noon there.  And a bulb of garlic.  Perhaps I better<br/>bring
      a bulb for everyone at the Rectory:  is it vampyres?'
    charcount: 2502
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/9e82dae9-ed5e-4378-a2ff-44534c85eae6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9837673
    median_ratio: 0.9849199
    max_ratio: 0.9891422
    min_ratio: 0.976087
    total_ratio: 3.9350691
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0388109
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0372879
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0533742
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0224159
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_046.jpg

---
