---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f10_051
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65314887
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931820
    user_name: lawofrelativity
    created_at: 1.5016117e+09
    started_on: 1.5016105e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016117e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.78 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f10_051.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016117e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016196e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1218.2400002
    minutes_annotating: 20.304
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.78 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "25th November. \n\nDearest Sylvia, \n\nThank you for your letter
      and the cuttings.  The Van Loo is very valuable because he has connections with
      Hogarth and I had not seen any of his work before.  Thank you so very much.
      \ Michael's puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous and appreciative
      report.  As [unclear]a[/unclear] the short story: Ghosts Get Results is almost
      all I have done in that style.  I have some ideas but no time to perfect them
      for I am not experienced in fiction.  I do want to try for the Greenwood prize
      though.\n\nDarling I think it would be splendid to be at Pett with you.  I should
      prefer that to staying in London naturally so please try to attain this for
      I know you would prefer it.  I have not obtained yet any lectures, beyond three
      at the N.G. to schools, the first of which was yesterday.  The ICC have sent
      me formal application forms and so have the WEA: I shall send them back with
      all information.  Tomorrow morning I have an appointment with the Educational
      Centres Assoc.  London University have nothing until September...  I wrote to
      Sir H H and he replied today asking for my full qualifications - to see if I
      am assisting.  That is the position at the moment. I should have more news shortly
      you see. \n\nThe school children were very pleasant.  I told them tales of St.
      Jerome's lion and thought of Dandylion all the time.\n\nI hope you enjoy your
      party on Saturday:  I am sure you will once you get there.  That is a conventional
      reflection, but still, I mean it.  I shall think of you and how charming and
      beautiful you will look. \n\nI long for the blackberry leaves and the chrysanthemums.
      \ I anticipate them with great please and excitement.\n\nThe Owls enjoyed their
      week-end at Bath very much.  Dandylion met them at the Coach Station and carried
      their bags. They said they would write to you but I see they are such bad correspondents.
      \ The White One I am sorry to say scratched his name on the Palladian Bridge
      in Prior Park.  They are both well.\n\nCharles sounds more odious than ever.
      \ I saw his scratchy constipated drawing of Pett and said that I did not find
      the 'freedom' and 'feeling' of some others pieces by him.  I felt like Eric
      Newton but, after all, lectures.  £1 each time.  I appreciate your outburst
      against Anderson and Gilbert, which is very comic and apt.\n\nIf I came to Pett
      and Michael goes back to Lefevre I could keep my room in town perfectly well.
      \ It will not I know of course be easy to talk with Michael about it.  Be brave,
      my dearest.  I love"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '25th November. <br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia, <br/><br/>Thank
      you for your letter and the cuttings.  The Van Loo is very valuable because
      he has connections with Hogarth and I had not seen any of his work before.  Thank
      you so very much.  Michael''s puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous
      and appreciative report.  As a the short story: Ghosts Get Results is almost
      all I have done in that style.  I have some ideas but no time to perfect them
      for I am not experienced in fiction.  I do want to try for the Greenwood prize
      though.<br/><br/>Darling I think it would be splendid to be at Pett with you.  I
      should prefer that to staying in London naturally so please try to attain this
      for I know you would prefer it.  I have not obtained yet any lectures, beyond
      three at the N.G. to schools, the first of which was yesterday.  The ICC have
      sent me formal application forms and so have the WEA: I shall send them back
      with all information.  Tomorrow morning I have an appointment with the Educational
      Centres Assoc.  London University have nothing until September...  I wrote to
      Sir H H and he replied today asking for my full qualifications - to see if I
      am assisting.  That is the position at the moment. I should have more news shortly
      you see. <br/><br/>The school children were very pleasant.  I told them tales
      of St. Jerome''s lion and thought of Dandylion all the time.<br/><br/>I hope
      you enjoy your party on Saturday:  I am sure you will once you get there.  That
      is a conventional reflection, but still, I mean it.  I shall think of you and
      how charming and beautiful you will look. <br/><br/>I long for the blackberry
      leaves and the chrysanthemums.  I anticipate them with great please and excitement.<br/><br/>The
      Owls enjoyed their week-end at Bath very much.  Dandylion met them at the Coach
      Station and carried their bags. They said they would write to you but I see
      they are such bad correspondents.  The White One I am sorry to say scratched
      his name on the Palladian Bridge in Prior Park.  They are both well.<br/><br/>Charles
      sounds more odious than ever.  I saw his scratchy constipated drawing of Pett
      and said that I did not find the ''freedom'' and ''feeling'' of some others
      pieces by him.  I felt like Eric Newton but, after all, lectures.  lb1 each
      time.  I appreciate your outburst against Anderson and Gilbert, which is very
      comic and apt.<br/><br/>If I came to Pett and Michael goes back to Lefevre I
      could keep my room in town perfectly well.  It will not I know of course be
      easy to talk with Michael about it.  Be brave, my dearest.  I love'
    charcount: 2499
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/5840cced-b6cf-45d1-a656-eaca8d42e5fd.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9761457
    median_ratio: 0.9752194
    max_ratio: 0.9818276
    min_ratio: 0.9690243
    total_ratio: 4.8807287
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0912163
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0582524
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1862981
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0410037
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 1.0
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65317414
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931820
    user_name: ChrisMM76
    created_at: 1.5016127e+09
    started_on: 1.5016113e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016127e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f10_051.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016117e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016196e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1411.5030003
    minutes_annotating: 23.52505
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "25th November.\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you for your letter
      and the cuttings.  The Van Loo is \nvery valuable because he has connections
      with Hogarth and I had\nnot seen any of his work before.  Thank you so very
      much.\nMichael's puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous and\nappreciative
      report.  As to the short story:  Ghosts Get Re-sults is almost all I have done
      in that style.  I have some ideas\nbut no time to perfect tham for I am not
      experienced in fiction.\nI do want to try for the Greenwood prize though.\n\nDarling
      I think it would be splendid to be a Pett with you.\nI should prefer that to
      staying in London naturally so please\ntry to attain this for I know you would
      prefer it.  I have not\nobtained any lectures, beyond three at the N.G. to schools,\nthe
      first of which was yesterday.  The LCC have sent me formal\napplication forms
      and so have the WEA:  I shall send them back\nwith all information.  Tomorrow
      morning I have an appointment\nwith the Educational Centres Assoc.  London  University
      have\nnothing until Spetember...  I wrote to Sir H H and he replied\ntoday asking
      for my full qualifications - to see if I am worth\nassisting.  This is the position
      at the moment.  I should have\nmore news shortly you see. \n\nThe school children
      were very pleasant.  I told them tales\nof St Jerome's lion and thought of Dandylion
      all the time.\n\nI hope you enjoy your party on Saturday:  I am sure you will\nonce
      you get there.  That is a conventional reflection, but\nstill, I mean it.  I
      shall think of you and of how charming and\nbeautiful you will look.\n\nI long
      for the blackberry leaves and the chrysanthemums.\nI anticipate them with great
      pleasure and excitement.\n\nThe owls enjoyed their week-end at Bath very much.
      \ Dandylion\nmet them at the Coach Station and carried their bags.  They said\nthey
      would write to you but I see that they are such bad correspondents.\nThe White
      One I'm sorry to say scratched him name on the Pala-\ndian Bridge in Prior Park.
      \ They are both well.\n\nCharles sounds more odious than ever.  I saw his scratchy,\nconstipated
      drawing of Pett and said that I did not find the 'freedom'\nand 'feeling' of
      some other pieces by him.  I felt like Eric New-\nton but, after all, lectures.
      \ 1 each time.  I appreciate your\noutburst against Anderson and Gilbert, which
      is very comic and\napt.\n\nIf I came to Pett and Michaels goes back to Lefevre
      I could keep\nmy room in town perfectly well.  It will not I know of course
      be\neasy to talk with Michael about.  Be brave, my dearest. I love"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '25th November.<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank you
      for your letter and the cuttings.  The Van Loo is <br/>very valuable because
      he has connections with Hogarth and I had<br/>not seen any of his work before.  Thank
      you so very much.<br/>Michael''s puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous
      and<br/>appreciative report.  As to the short story:  Ghosts Get Re-sults is
      almost all I have done in that style.  I have some ideas<br/>but no time to
      perfect tham for I am not experienced in fiction.<br/>I do want to try for the
      Greenwood prize though.<br/><br/>Darling I think it would be splendid to be
      a Pett with you.<br/>I should prefer that to staying in London naturally so
      please<br/>try to attain this for I know you would prefer it.  I have not<br/>obtained
      any lectures, beyond three at the N.G. to schools,<br/>the first of which was
      yesterday.  The LCC have sent me formal<br/>application forms and so have the
      WEA:  I shall send them back<br/>with all information.  Tomorrow morning I have
      an appointment<br/>with the Educational Centres Assoc.  London  University have<br/>nothing
      until Spetember...  I wrote to Sir H H and he replied<br/>today asking for my
      full qualifications - to see if I am worth<br/>assisting.  This is the position
      at the moment.  I should have<br/>more news shortly you see. <br/><br/>The school
      children were very pleasant.  I told them tales<br/>of St Jerome''s lion and
      thought of Dandylion all the time.<br/><br/>I hope you enjoy your party on Saturday:  I
      am sure you will<br/>once you get there.  That is a conventional reflection,
      but<br/>still, I mean it.  I shall think of you and of how charming and<br/>beautiful
      you will look.<br/><br/>I long for the blackberry leaves and the chrysanthemums.<br/>I
      anticipate them with great pleasure and excitement.<br/><br/>The owls enjoyed
      their week-end at Bath very much.  Dandylion<br/>met them at the Coach Station
      and carried their bags.  They said<br/>they would write to you but I see that
      they are such bad correspondents.<br/>The White One I''m sorry to say scratched
      him name on the Pala-<br/>dian Bridge in Prior Park.  They are both well.<br/><br/>Charles
      sounds more odious than ever.  I saw his scratchy,<br/>constipated drawing of
      Pett and said that I did not find the ''freedom''<br/>and ''feeling'' of some
      other pieces by him.  I felt like Eric New-<br/>ton but, after all, lectures.  1
      each time.  I appreciate your<br/>outburst against Anderson and Gilbert, which
      is very comic and<br/>apt.<br/><br/>If I came to Pett and Michaels goes back
      to Lefevre I could keep<br/>my room in town perfectly well.  It will not I know
      of course be<br/>easy to talk with Michael about.  Be brave, my dearest. I love'
    charcount: 2506
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/5840cced-b6cf-45d1-a656-eaca8d42e5fd.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.971284
    median_ratio: 0.9740395
    max_ratio: 0.9752194
    min_ratio: 0.9619727
    total_ratio: 4.8564202
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0912163
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0582524
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1862981
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0410037
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 1.0
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65324380
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931820
    user_name: vickiechen
    created_at: 1.5016152e+09
    started_on: 1.5016146e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016152e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36 OPR/46.0.2597.57
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f10_051.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016117e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016196e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 552.8740001
    minutes_annotating: 9.2145667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36 OPR/46.0.2597.57
    ua.family: Opera
    ua.major: '46'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2597'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "25th November\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you for your letter
      and the cuttings.  The Van Loo is\nvery valuable because he has connections
      with Rogarth and I had\nnot seen any of his work before.  Thank you so very
      much.  \nMichael's puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous and\nappreciative
      report.  As for the short story:  Ghosts Get Re-\nsults is almost all I have
      done in that style.  I have some ideas\nbut no time to perfect them for I am
      not experienced in fiction.\nI do want to try for the Greenwood prize though.\n\nDarling
      I think it would be splendid to be at Pett with you.\nI should prefer that to
      staying in London naturally so please\ntry to attain this for I know you would
      prefer it.  I have not\nobtained yet any lectures, beyond three at the N.G.
      to schools,\nthe first of which was yesterday.  The LCC have sent me formal\napplication
      forms and so have the WEA: I shall send them back\nwith all information.  Tommorow
      morning I have an appointment\nwith the Educational Centres Assoc.  London University
      have nothing until Spetember...  I wrote to sir H H  and he replied\ntoday asking
      for my full qualifications - to see if I am worth\nassisting.  That is the position
      at the moment.  I should have\nmore news shortly you see.\n\nThe school children
      were very pleasant.  I toold them tales\nof St. Jerome's lion and thought of
      Dandylion all the time.\n\nI hope you enjoy your party on Saturday:  I am sure
      you will once you get there.  That is a conventional reflection, but\nstill,
      I mean it.  I shall think of you and of how charming and\nbeautiful you will
      look.\n\nI long for the blackberry leaves and the chrysanthemums, \nI anticipate
      them with great pleasure and excitment.\n\nThe Owls enjoyed their week-end at
      Bath very much.  Dandylion\nmet them at the Coach Station and carried their
      bags.  They said\nthey would write to you but I see they are such bad correspondents.\nThe
      White One I am sorry to say scratched his name on the Palla-\ndian Bridge in
      Prior Park.  They are both well.\n\nCharles sounds more odious than ever.  I
      saw his scratchy \nconstipated drawing of Pett and said I did not find the 'freedom'\nand
      'feeling' of some other pieces by him.  I felt like Eric New-\nton but, after
      all, lectures.  1 each time.  I appreciate your \noutburst against Anderson
      and Gilbert, which is very comic and\napt.\n\nIf I came to Pett and Michael
      goes back to Lefevre I could keep\nmy room in town perfectly well.  It will
      not I know of course be\neasy to talk with Michael about it.  Be brave, my dearest.
      \ I love"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '25th November<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank you
      for your letter and the cuttings.  The Van Loo is<br/>very valuable because
      he has connections with Rogarth and I had<br/>not seen any of his work before.  Thank
      you so very much.  <br/>Michael''s puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous
      and<br/>appreciative report.  As for the short story:  Ghosts Get Re-<br/>sults
      is almost all I have done in that style.  I have some ideas<br/>but no time
      to perfect them for I am not experienced in fiction.<br/>I do want to try for
      the Greenwood prize though.<br/><br/>Darling I think it would be splendid to
      be at Pett with you.<br/>I should prefer that to staying in London naturally
      so please<br/>try to attain this for I know you would prefer it.  I have not<br/>obtained
      yet any lectures, beyond three at the N.G. to schools,<br/>the first of which
      was yesterday.  The LCC have sent me formal<br/>application forms and so have
      the WEA: I shall send them back<br/>with all information.  Tommorow morning
      I have an appointment<br/>with the Educational Centres Assoc.  London University
      have nothing until Spetember...  I wrote to sir H H  and he replied<br/>today
      asking for my full qualifications - to see if I am worth<br/>assisting.  That
      is the position at the moment.  I should have<br/>more news shortly you see.<br/><br/>The
      school children were very pleasant.  I toold them tales<br/>of St. Jerome''s
      lion and thought of Dandylion all the time.<br/><br/>I hope you enjoy your party
      on Saturday:  I am sure you will once you get there.  That is a conventional
      reflection, but<br/>still, I mean it.  I shall think of you and of how charming
      and<br/>beautiful you will look.<br/><br/>I long for the blackberry leaves and
      the chrysanthemums, <br/>I anticipate them with great pleasure and excitment.<br/><br/>The
      Owls enjoyed their week-end at Bath very much.  Dandylion<br/>met them at the
      Coach Station and carried their bags.  They said<br/>they would write to you
      but I see they are such bad correspondents.<br/>The White One I am sorry to
      say scratched his name on the Palla-<br/>dian Bridge in Prior Park.  They are
      both well.<br/><br/>Charles sounds more odious than ever.  I saw his scratchy
      <br/>constipated drawing of Pett and said I did not find the ''freedom''<br/>and
      ''feeling'' of some other pieces by him.  I felt like Eric New-<br/>ton but,
      after all, lectures.  1 each time.  I appreciate your <br/>outburst against
      Anderson and Gilbert, which is very comic and<br/>apt.<br/><br/>If I came to
      Pett and Michael goes back to Lefevre I could keep<br/>my room in town perfectly
      well.  It will not I know of course be<br/>easy to talk with Michael about it.  Be
      brave, my dearest.  I love'
    charcount: 2509
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/5840cced-b6cf-45d1-a656-eaca8d42e5fd.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9779699
    median_ratio: 0.9762329
    max_ratio: 0.982866
    min_ratio: 0.9752194
    total_ratio: 4.8898493
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0912163
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0582524
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1862981
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0410037
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 1.0
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65330661
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931820
    user_name: cshepherd
    created_at: 1.5016174e+09
    started_on: 1.5016153e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016174e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f10_051.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016117e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016196e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2067.0009999
    minutes_annotating: 34.4500167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "25th November\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you for your letter
      and the cuttings. The Van Loo is\nvery valuable because he has connections with
      Hogarth and I had\nnot seen any of his work before. Thank you so very much.\nMichael's
      puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous and\nappreciative report.
      As to the short story: Ghosts Get Re-\nsults is almost all I have done in that
      style. I have some ideas\nbut no time to perfect them for I am not experienced
      in fiction. \nI do want to try for the Greenwood prize though.\n\nDarling I
      think it would be splendid to be at Pett with you.\nI should prefer that to
      staying in London naturally so please\ntry to attain this for I know you would
      prefer it. I have not\nobtained yet any lectures, beyond three at the N.G. to
      schools,\nthe first of which was yesterday. The LCC have sent me formal\napplication
      forms and so have the WEA: I shall send them back\nwith all information. Tomorrow
      morning I have an appointment\nwith the Educational Centres Assoc. London University
      have\nnothing until September... I wrote to Sir H H and he replied\ntoday asking
      for my full qualifications - to see if I am worth \nassisting. That is the position
      at the moment. I shoud have\nmore news shortly you see.\n\nThe school children
      were very pleasant. I told them tales\nof St Jerome's lion and though of Dandylion
      all the time.\n\nI hope you enjoy your party on Saturday: I am sure you will
      \nonce you get there. That is a conventional reflection, but\nstill, I mean
      it. I shall think of you and how charming and\nbeautiful you will look.\n\nI
      long for the blackberry leaves and the chrysanthemums.\nI anticipate them with
      great pleasure and excitement.\n\nThe Owls enjoyed their week-end at Bath very
      much. Dandylion\nmet them at the Coach Station and carried their bags. They
      said\nthey would write to you but I see they are such bad correspondents. \nThe
      White One I am sorry to say scratched his name on the Palla-\ndian Bridge in
      Prior Park. They are both well.\n\nCharles sounds more odious than ever. I saw
      his scratchy\nconstipated drawing of [unclear]Peter[/unclear] and said that
      i did not find the 'freedom'\nand 'feeling' of some other pieces by him. I felt
      like Eric New-\nton but, after all, lectures. 1 each time. I appreciate your\noutburst
      against Anderson and Gilbert, which is very comic and\napt.\n\nIf I came to
      Pett and Michael goes back to Lefevre I could keep\nmy room in town perfectly
      well. It will not I know of course be \neasy to talk to Michael about it. Be
      brave, my dearest. I love"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '25th November<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank you
      for your letter and the cuttings. The Van Loo is<br/>very valuable because he
      has connections with Hogarth and I had<br/>not seen any of his work before.
      Thank you so very much.<br/>Michael''s puff is nice - please thank him for his
      courteous and<br/>appreciative report. As to the short story: Ghosts Get Re-<br/>sults
      is almost all I have done in that style. I have some ideas<br/>but no time to
      perfect them for I am not experienced in fiction. <br/>I do want to try for
      the Greenwood prize though.<br/><br/>Darling I think it would be splendid to
      be at Pett with you.<br/>I should prefer that to staying in London naturally
      so please<br/>try to attain this for I know you would prefer it. I have not<br/>obtained
      yet any lectures, beyond three at the N.G. to schools,<br/>the first of which
      was yesterday. The LCC have sent me formal<br/>application forms and so have
      the WEA: I shall send them back<br/>with all information. Tomorrow morning I
      have an appointment<br/>with the Educational Centres Assoc. London University
      have<br/>nothing until September... I wrote to Sir H H and he replied<br/>today
      asking for my full qualifications - to see if I am worth <br/>assisting. That
      is the position at the moment. I shoud have<br/>more news shortly you see.<br/><br/>The
      school children were very pleasant. I told them tales<br/>of St Jerome''s lion
      and though of Dandylion all the time.<br/><br/>I hope you enjoy your party on
      Saturday: I am sure you will <br/>once you get there. That is a conventional
      reflection, but<br/>still, I mean it. I shall think of you and how charming
      and<br/>beautiful you will look.<br/><br/>I long for the blackberry leaves and
      the chrysanthemums.<br/>I anticipate them with great pleasure and excitement.<br/><br/>The
      Owls enjoyed their week-end at Bath very much. Dandylion<br/>met them at the
      Coach Station and carried their bags. They said<br/>they would write to you
      but I see they are such bad correspondents. <br/>The White One I am sorry to
      say scratched his name on the Palla-<br/>dian Bridge in Prior Park. They are
      both well.<br/><br/>Charles sounds more odious than ever. I saw his scratchy<br/>constipated
      drawing of Peter and said that i did not find the ''freedom''<br/>and ''feeling''
      of some other pieces by him. I felt like Eric New-<br/>ton but, after all, lectures.
      1 each time. I appreciate your<br/>outburst against Anderson and Gilbert, which
      is very comic and<br/>apt.<br/><br/>If I came to Pett and Michael goes back
      to Lefevre I could keep<br/>my room in town perfectly well. It will not I know
      of course be <br/>easy to talk to Michael about it. Be brave, my dearest. I
      love'
    charcount: 2479
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/5840cced-b6cf-45d1-a656-eaca8d42e5fd.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9802645
    median_ratio: 0.9808983
    max_ratio: 0.9839628
    min_ratio: 0.9767682
    total_ratio: 4.9013224
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0912163
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0582524
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1862981
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0410037
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 1.0
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65336342
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931820
    user_name: not-logged-in-129402a1804e88f4a088
    created_at: 1.5016196e+09
    started_on: 1.5016192e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016196e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f10_051.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016117e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016196e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 416.467
    minutes_annotating: 6.9411167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "25th November.\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you for your letter
      and the cuttings. The Van Loo is very valuable because he has connections with
      Hogarth and I had not seen any of his work before. Thank you so very much. Michael's
      puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous and appreciative report. As
      a short story: Ghosts Get Re-sults is almost all I have done in that style.
      I have some ideas but no time to perfect them for I am not experienced in fiction.
      I do want to try for the Greenwood prize though.\n\nDarling I think it would
      be splendid to be at Pett with you. I should prefer that to staying in London
      naturally so please try to attain this for I know you would prefer it. I have
      not obtained yet any lectures, beyond three at the N.G. to schools, the first
      of which was yesterday. The ICC have sent me formal application forms and so
      have the WEA: I shall send them back with all information. Tomorrow morning
      I have an appointment with the Educational Centres Assoc. London University
      have nothing until Spetember... I wrote to Sir H H and he replied today asking
      for my full qualifications - to see if I am worth assisting. That is the position
      at the moment. I should have more news shortly you see.\n\nThe school children
      were very pleasant. I told them tales of St Jerome's lion and thought of Dandylion
      all the time.\n\nI hope you enjoy your party on a Saturday: I am sure you will
      once you get there. That is a conventional reflection, but still, I mean it.
      I shall think of you and how charming and beautiful you will look.\n\nI long
      for the blackberry leaves and the chrysanthemums. I anticipate them with great
      pleasure and excitment.\n\nThe Owls enjoyed their week-end at Bath very much.
      Dandylion met them at the Coach Station and carried their bags. said they would
      write to you but I see they are such bad correspondents. The White One I am
      sorry to say scratched his name on the Palla- Bridge in Prior Park. They are
      both well.\n\nCharles sounds more odious than ever. I saw his scratchy constipated
      drawing of Pett and said that I did not find the 'freedom' and 'feeling' of
      some other pieces by him. I felt like Eric New-ton but, after all, lectures.
      1 each time. I appreciate your outburst against Anderson and Gilbert, which
      is very comic and apt. \n\nIf I came to Pett and Michael goes back to Lefevre
      I could keep my room in town perfectly well. It will not I know of course be
      easy to talk with Michael about it. Be brave, my dearest. I love"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '25th November.<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank you
      for your letter and the cuttings. The Van Loo is very valuable because he has
      connections with Hogarth and I had not seen any of his work before. Thank you
      so very much. Michael''s puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous and
      appreciative report. As a short story: Ghosts Get Re-sults is almost all I have
      done in that style. I have some ideas but no time to perfect them for I am not
      experienced in fiction. I do want to try for the Greenwood prize though.<br/><br/>Darling
      I think it would be splendid to be at Pett with you. I should prefer that to
      staying in London naturally so please try to attain this for I know you would
      prefer it. I have not obtained yet any lectures, beyond three at the N.G. to
      schools, the first of which was yesterday. The ICC have sent me formal application
      forms and so have the WEA: I shall send them back with all information. Tomorrow
      morning I have an appointment with the Educational Centres Assoc. London University
      have nothing until Spetember... I wrote to Sir H H and he replied today asking
      for my full qualifications - to see if I am worth assisting. That is the position
      at the moment. I should have more news shortly you see.<br/><br/>The school
      children were very pleasant. I told them tales of St Jerome''s lion and thought
      of Dandylion all the time.<br/><br/>I hope you enjoy your party on a Saturday:
      I am sure you will once you get there. That is a conventional reflection, but
      still, I mean it. I shall think of you and how charming and beautiful you will
      look.<br/><br/>I long for the blackberry leaves and the chrysanthemums. I anticipate
      them with great pleasure and excitment.<br/><br/>The Owls enjoyed their week-end
      at Bath very much. Dandylion met them at the Coach Station and carried their
      bags. said they would write to you but I see they are such bad correspondents.
      The White One I am sorry to say scratched his name on the Palla- Bridge in Prior
      Park. They are both well.<br/><br/>Charles sounds more odious than ever. I saw
      his scratchy constipated drawing of Pett and said that I did not find the ''freedom''
      and ''feeling'' of some other pieces by him. I felt like Eric New-ton but, after
      all, lectures. 1 each time. I appreciate your outburst against Anderson and
      Gilbert, which is very comic and apt. <br/><br/>If I came to Pett and Michael
      goes back to Lefevre I could keep my room in town perfectly well. It will not
      I know of course be easy to talk with Michael about it. Be brave, my dearest.
      I love'
    charcount: 2463
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/5840cced-b6cf-45d1-a656-eaca8d42e5fd.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9755217
    median_ratio: 0.977261
    max_ratio: 0.9788332
    min_ratio: 0.9700568
    total_ratio: 4.8776083
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0912163
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0582524
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1862981
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0410037
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 1.0
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65383662
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931820
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5016472e+09
    started_on: 1.5016458e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016472e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f10_051.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016117e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016196e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1312.6100001
    minutes_annotating: 21.8768333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "25th November.\nDearest Sylvia,\nThank you for your letter and
      the cuttings.  The Van Loo is\nvery valuable because he has connections with
      Rogarth and I had\nnot seen any of his work before.  Thank you so very much.\nMichael's
      puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous and \nappreciative reprot.
      \ As is the short sotry:  Ghosts Get Re-\nsults is almost all I have done in
      that style.  I have some ideas\nbut no time to perfect them for I am not experienced
      in fiction.\nI do want to try for the Greenwood Prize though.\n\nDarling I think
      it would be splendid to be at Pett with you.\nI should prefer that to staying
      in London naturally so please\ntry to attain this for I know you would prefer
      it.  I have not\nobtained yet any lectures, beyond three at the N.G. to schools,\nthe
      first of which was yesterday.  The LCC have sent me formal\napplication forms
      and so have the WEA:  I shall send them back\nwith all information.  Tomorrow
      morning, I have an appointment\nwith the Educational Centres Assoc.  London
      University have\nnothing until September...  I wrote to Sir H H and he replied\ntoday
      asking for my full qualifications - to see if I am worth\nassisting.  That is
      the position at the moment.  I should have\nmore news shortly, you see.\n\nThe
      school children were very pleasant.  I told them tales\nof St Jerome's lion
      and thought of Dandylion all the time.\n\nI hope you enjoyed their week-end
      at Bath very much.  Dandylion\nmet them at the Coach Station and carried their
      bags.  They said\nthey would write you but I see they are such bad correspondents.\nThe
      White One I am sorry to say, scratched his name on the Palla-dain Bridge in
      Prior Park.  They are both well.\n\nCharles sounds more odious than ever.  I
      saw his scratchy,\nconstipated drawings and said that I did not find the 'freedom'\nand
      'feelings' of some other pieces by him.  I felt like Eric New-\nton, but, after
      all, lectures.  1 each time.  I appreciate your\noutburst against Anderson and
      Gilbert, which is very comic and\napt.\n\nIf I came to Pett and Michael goes
      back to Lefevre, I could keep\nmy room in town perfectly well.  It will not
      I know or course be\neasy to talk with Michael about it.  Be brave, my dearest.
      \ I love\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '25th November.<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank you for your
      letter and the cuttings.  The Van Loo is<br/>very valuable because he has connections
      with Rogarth and I had<br/>not seen any of his work before.  Thank you so very
      much.<br/>Michael''s puff is nice - please thank him for his courteous and <br/>appreciative
      reprot.  As is the short sotry:  Ghosts Get Re-<br/>sults is almost all I have
      done in that style.  I have some ideas<br/>but no time to perfect them for I
      am not experienced in fiction.<br/>I do want to try for the Greenwood Prize
      though.<br/><br/>Darling I think it would be splendid to be at Pett with you.<br/>I
      should prefer that to staying in London naturally so please<br/>try to attain
      this for I know you would prefer it.  I have not<br/>obtained yet any lectures,
      beyond three at the N.G. to schools,<br/>the first of which was yesterday.  The
      LCC have sent me formal<br/>application forms and so have the WEA:  I shall
      send them back<br/>with all information.  Tomorrow morning, I have an appointment<br/>with
      the Educational Centres Assoc.  London University have<br/>nothing until September...  I
      wrote to Sir H H and he replied<br/>today asking for my full qualifications
      - to see if I am worth<br/>assisting.  That is the position at the moment.  I
      should have<br/>more news shortly, you see.<br/><br/>The school children were
      very pleasant.  I told them tales<br/>of St Jerome''s lion and thought of Dandylion
      all the time.<br/><br/>I hope you enjoyed their week-end at Bath very much.  Dandylion<br/>met
      them at the Coach Station and carried their bags.  They said<br/>they would
      write you but I see they are such bad correspondents.<br/>The White One I am
      sorry to say, scratched his name on the Palla-dain Bridge in Prior Park.  They
      are both well.<br/><br/>Charles sounds more odious than ever.  I saw his scratchy,<br/>constipated
      drawings and said that I did not find the ''freedom''<br/>and ''feelings'' of
      some other pieces by him.  I felt like Eric New-<br/>ton, but, after all, lectures.  1
      each time.  I appreciate your<br/>outburst against Anderson and Gilbert, which
      is very comic and<br/>apt.<br/><br/>If I came to Pett and Michael goes back
      to Lefevre, I could keep<br/>my room in town perfectly well.  It will not I
      know or course be<br/>easy to talk with Michael about it.  Be brave, my dearest.  I
      love<br/>'
    charcount: 2183
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/5840cced-b6cf-45d1-a656-eaca8d42e5fd.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8799179
    median_ratio: 0.8816537
    max_ratio: 0.8831776
    min_ratio: 0.8704182
    total_ratio: 4.3995893
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0912163
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0582524
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1862981
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0410037
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 1.0
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f10_051.jpg

---
