---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f11_005
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 69210075
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908302
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5046272e+09
    started_on: 1.5046269e+09
    ended_on: 1.5046272e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f11_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5046272e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057449e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5045696e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 333.2179999
    minutes_annotating: 5.5536333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9460'
    os.minor: '73'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath

      9 November mcmii

      Dearest Sylvia,

      I am sorry my last letter was so short but I wanted to
      show you my review.  I enclose this time a copy of my
      handwriting review for you might be interested in that,
      as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.

      My journey home was easy and comfortable, except that
      it was taking me away from you.  That is something I
      cannot bear for I love you so dearly.  I hope that this
      time next Sunday you will be with me, dearest.

      Gainsborough was amiable on Friday.  Said he thought
      it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought
      in.  He gave me a large book on the Duncan Philips col-
      lection, Washington, to review and wants me to do a full-
      page article on De Wint and Hilton as he is going to make
      an effort to increase Art News' provincial circulation.
      This week I hope to see the Tate Hiltons.

      Yesterday's lecture went very well, though the numbers
      were down a bit:  45-50 instead of higher.  Mrs. Onslow-
      Ford came and I gave her tea.  She has lent me a recent
      sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you come.
      (Do you know yet when that will be?)

      Do thank Tiny so much for entertaining me so splendidly.
      I enjoyed it and i think I have put on weight.  I do
      enjoy my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of
      being with you, but because I see Tiny and Clifford.  I
      love them very much.  How did C's sex lecture go?  Let
      me know all about it.  Did he like Walton?  Hope Marjorie's
      hand is no worse.

      I am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this
      evening and then I shall put them in my next letter to you.
      Speaking of my poems reminds me of your new paintings an let me
      say again how very much I admire them.  They are good, so
      rich and yet rich with a more economical means than something
      in the past.  Is it the influence of your 3 hugs still life
      for Mrs. Bergman?
      This afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/><br/>9 November mcmii<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I
      am sorry my last letter was so short but I wanted to<br/>show you my review.  I
      enclose this time a copy of my<br/>handwriting review for you might be interested
      in that,<br/>as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.<br/><br/>My journey
      home was easy and comfortable, except that<br/>it was taking me away from you.  That
      is something I<br/>cannot bear for I love you so dearly.  I hope that this<br/>time
      next Sunday you will be with me, dearest.<br/><br/>Gainsborough was amiable
      on Friday.  Said he thought<br/>it sounded a nice show after he read the review
      I brought<br/>in.  He gave me a large book on the Duncan Philips col-<br/>lection,
      Washington, to review and wants me to do a full-<br/>page article on De Wint
      and Hilton as he is going to make<br/>an effort to increase Art News'' provincial
      circulation.<br/>This week I hope to see the Tate Hiltons.<br/><br/>Yesterday''s
      lecture went very well, though the numbers<br/>were down a bit:  45-50 instead
      of higher.  Mrs. Onslow-<br/>Ford came and I gave her tea.  She has lent me
      a recent<br/>sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you come.<br/>(Do
      you know yet when that will be?)<br/><br/>Do thank Tiny so much for entertaining
      me so splendidly.<br/>I enjoyed it and i think I have put on weight.  I do<br/>enjoy
      my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of<br/>being with you, but because
      I see Tiny and Clifford.  I<br/>love them very much.  How did C''s sex lecture
      go?  Let<br/>me know all about it.  Did he like Walton?  Hope Marjorie''s<br/>hand
      is no worse.<br/><br/>I am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this<br/>evening
      and then I shall put them in my next letter to you.<br/>Speaking of my poems
      reminds me of your new paintings an let me<br/>say again how very much I admire
      them.  They are good, so<br/>rich and yet rich with a more economical means
      than something<br/>in the past.  Is it the influence of your 3 hugs still life<br/>for
      Mrs. Bergman?<br/>This afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth'
    charcount: 1912
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/68d5df1a-a32e-48e2-9bf9-b47c6d24be99.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9058387
    median_ratio: 0.9060606
    max_ratio: 0.9198999
    min_ratio: 0.8917775
    total_ratio: 4.5291936
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0699813
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0496851
    max_dissimilarity: 0.150904
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0163818
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69741584
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908302
    user_name: databanana
    created_at: 1.5049891e+09
    started_on: 1.5049883e+09
    ended_on: 1.5049891e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f11_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5046272e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057449e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5049152e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 783.6669998
    minutes_annotating: 13.0611167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n9 november mcmii\nDearest Sylvia, \nI am sorry me
      last letter was so short but I wanted to show you my review. I enclose this
      time a copy of my handwriting review for you might be interested in that as
      you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.\nMy journey home was easy and
      comfortable, except that it was taking me away from you. That is something I
      cannot bear for I love you so dearly. I hope that this time next Sunday you
      will be with me, dearest.\nGainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought
      it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought in. He gave me a large
      book on the Duncan Philips collection, Washington, to review and wants me to
      do a full-page article on De Wint and [unclear]Rinton[/unclear] as he is going
      to make an effort to increase Art News' provincial circulation. This week I
      hope to see the Tate Hiltons.\nYesterday's lecture went very well, though the
      numbers were down a bit: 45-50 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-Ford came and I
      gave her tea. She has lent me a recent sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest
      you when you come. (Do you know yet when that will be?)\nDo thank Tiny so much
      for entertaining me so splendidly. I enjoyed it and I think I have put on some
      weight. I do enjoy my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of being with
      you, but because I see Tiny and Clifford. I love them very much. How did C's
      sex lecture go? Let me know all about it. Did he like Walton? Hope [unclear]Mayone's[/unclear]
      hand is no worse.\nI am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this
      evening and then I shall put them in my next letter to you. Speaking of my poems
      reminds me of your new paintings and let me say again how very much I admire
      them. They are good, so rich and yet rich with a more economical means than
      sometimes in the past. Is it the influence of your 3 huge still life for Mrs
      Bergman?\nThis afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. I have looked
      out old catalogue and magazines. I wonder if you have finished - or are finishing
      now - your lecture for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you explain
      pots.\nI love you so much, I love love love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 november mcmii<br/>Dearest Sylvia, <br/>I
      am sorry me last letter was so short but I wanted to show you my review. I enclose
      this time a copy of my handwriting review for you might be interested in that
      as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.<br/>My journey home was easy
      and comfortable, except that it was taking me away from you. That is something
      I cannot bear for I love you so dearly. I hope that this time next Sunday you
      will be with me, dearest.<br/>Gainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought
      it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought in. He gave me a large
      book on the Duncan Philips collection, Washington, to review and wants me to
      do a full-page article on De Wint and Rinton as he is going to make an effort
      to increase Art News'' provincial circulation. This week I hope to see the Tate
      Hiltons.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture went very well, though the numbers were down
      a bit: 45-50 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-Ford came and I gave her tea. She
      has lent me a recent sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you come.
      (Do you know yet when that will be?)<br/>Do thank Tiny so much for entertaining
      me so splendidly. I enjoyed it and I think I have put on some weight. I do enjoy
      my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of being with you, but because
      I see Tiny and Clifford. I love them very much. How did C''s sex lecture go?
      Let me know all about it. Did he like Walton? Hope Mayone''s hand is no worse.<br/>I
      am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this evening and then I shall
      put them in my next letter to you. Speaking of my poems reminds me of your new
      paintings and let me say again how very much I admire them. They are good, so
      rich and yet rich with a more economical means than sometimes in the past. Is
      it the influence of your 3 huge still life for Mrs Bergman?<br/>This afternoon
      I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. I have looked out old catalogue and
      magazines. I wonder if you have finished - or are finishing now - your lecture
      for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you explain pots.<br/>I love
      you so much, I love love love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2120
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/68d5df1a-a32e-48e2-9bf9-b47c6d24be99.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9854271
    median_ratio: 0.9831039
    max_ratio: 0.9939394
    min_ratio: 0.9794438
    total_ratio: 4.9271353
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0699813
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0496851
    max_dissimilarity: 0.150904
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0163818
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69863772
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908302
    user_name: ayasabry
    created_at: 1.5051107e+09
    started_on: 1.5050772e+09
    ended_on: 1.5051107e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f11_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5046272e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057449e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.505088e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 33486.2220001
    minutes_annotating: 558.1037
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n9 November mcmii\nDearest Sylvia,\nI am sorry my
      last letter was so short but I wanted to\nshow you my review. I enclose this
      time a copy of my\nhandwriting review for you might be interested in that,\nas
      you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.\nMy journey home was easy and
      comfortable, except that\nit was taking me away from you. That is something
      I \ncannot bear for I love you so dearly. I hope that this\ntime next Sunday
      you will be with me, dearest.\nGainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought\nit
      sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought\nin. He gave me a large
      book on the Duncan Philips col-\nlection, Washington, to review and wants me
      to do a full-\npage article on De Wint and Hilton as he is going to make \nan
      effort to increase Art News' provincial circulation.\nThis week I hope to see
      the Tate Hiltons.\nYesterday's lecture went very well, though the numbers \nwere
      down a bit: 45-50 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-\nFord came and I gave her tea.
      She has lent me a recent\nsketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you
      come.\n(Do you know yet when that will be?)\nDo thank Tiny so much for entertaining
      me so splendidly.\nI enjoyed it and I think I have put on some weight. I do
      \nenjoy my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of\nbeing with you, but
      because I see Tiny and Clifford. I \nlove them very much. How did C’s sex lecture
      go? Let\nme know all about it. Did he like Walton? I hope [unclear]Mayone’s[/unclear]\nhand
      is no worse.\nI am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this\nevening
      and then I shall put them in my next letter to you.\nSpeaking of my poems reminds
      me of your new paintings and let me\nsay again how very much I admire them.
      They are good, so\nrich and yet rich with a more economical means than sometimes\nin
      the past. Is it the influence of your 3 huge still life\nfor Mrs Bergman?\nThis
      afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. \nI have looked out old
      catalogue and magazines. I wonder\nif you have finished – or are finishing now
      – your lecture\nfor Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you \nexplain
      pots.\nI love you so much, I love love love you\nLawrence\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 November mcmii<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I
      am sorry my last letter was so short but I wanted to<br/>show you my review.
      I enclose this time a copy of my<br/>handwriting review for you might be interested
      in that,<br/>as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.<br/>My journey
      home was easy and comfortable, except that<br/>it was taking me away from you.
      That is something I <br/>cannot bear for I love you so dearly. I hope that this<br/>time
      next Sunday you will be with me, dearest.<br/>Gainsborough was amiable on Friday.
      Said he thought<br/>it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought<br/>in.
      He gave me a large book on the Duncan Philips col-<br/>lection, Washington,
      to review and wants me to do a full-<br/>page article on De Wint and Hilton
      as he is going to make <br/>an effort to increase Art News'' provincial circulation.<br/>This
      week I hope to see the Tate Hiltons.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture went very well,
      though the numbers <br/>were down a bit: 45-50 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-<br/>Ford
      came and I gave her tea. She has lent me a recent<br/>sketch by Gordon O-F which
      may interest you when you come.<br/>(Do you know yet when that will be?)<br/>Do
      thank Tiny so much for entertaining me so splendidly.<br/>I enjoyed it and I
      think I have put on some weight. I do <br/>enjoy my visits to Pett, not only
      because of the joy of<br/>being with you, but because I see Tiny and Clifford.
      I <br/>love them very much. How did C''s sex lecture go? Let<br/>me know all
      about it. Did he like Walton? I hope Mayone''s<br/>hand is no worse.<br/>I am
      writing two poems which I shall try and finish this<br/>evening and then I shall
      put them in my next letter to you.<br/>Speaking of my poems reminds me of your
      new paintings and let me<br/>say again how very much I admire them. They are
      good, so<br/>rich and yet rich with a more economical means than sometimes<br/>in
      the past. Is it the influence of your 3 huge still life<br/>for Mrs Bergman?<br/>This
      afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. <br/>I have looked out
      old catalogue and magazines. I wonder<br/>if you have finished - or are finishing
      now - your lecture<br/>for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you
      <br/>explain pots.<br/>I love you so much, I love love love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2134
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/68d5df1a-a32e-48e2-9bf9-b47c6d24be99.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9870781
    median_ratio: 0.985607
    max_ratio: 0.9921164
    min_ratio: 0.9818622
    total_ratio: 4.9353904
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0699813
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0496851
    max_dissimilarity: 0.150904
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0163818
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70838728
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908302
    user_name: darryluk
    created_at: 1.5056451e+09
    started_on: 1.5056438e+09
    ended_on: 1.5056451e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f11_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5046272e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057449e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5056064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1323.6069999
    minutes_annotating: 22.0601167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      9 November mcmii
      Dearest Sylvia,
      I am sorry my last letter was so short but I wanted to show you my review. I enclose this time a copy of my handwriting review for you might be interested in that, as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.
      My journey home was easy and comfortable, except that it was taking me away from you. That is something I cannot bear for I love you so dearly. I hope this time next Sunday you will be with me, dearest.
      Gainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought in. He gave me a large book on the Duncan Philips collection, Washington, to review and wants me to do a full page article on De Wint and Hilton as he is going to make an effort to increase Art News' provincial circulation. This week I hope to see the Tate Hiltons.
      Yesterday's lecture went very well, though the numbers were down a bit: 45-50 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-Ford came I gave her tea. She has lent me a recent sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you come. (Do you know yet when that will be?)
      Do thank Tiny so much for entertaining me so splendidly, I enjoyed it and I think I have put on some weight. I do enjoy my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of being with you, but because I see Tiny and Clifford. I love them so very much. How did C's sex lecture go? Let me know all about it. Did he like Walton? Hope Marjorie's hand is no worse.
      I am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this evening and then I shall put them in my next letter to you.
      Speaking of my poems reminds me of your new paintings and let me say again how very much I admire them. They are good, so rich and yet rich with a more economical means than sometimes in the past. Is it the influence of your 3 huge still lifes for Mrs Bergman?
      This afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. I have looked out old catalogue and magazines. I wonder if you have finished - or are finishing now - your lecture for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 November mcmii<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I
      am sorry my last letter was so short but I wanted to show you my review. I enclose
      this time a copy of my handwriting review for you might be interested in that,
      as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.<br/>My journey home was easy
      and comfortable, except that it was taking me away from you. That is something
      I cannot bear for I love you so dearly. I hope this time next Sunday you will
      be with me, dearest.<br/>Gainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought
      it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought in. He gave me a large
      book on the Duncan Philips collection, Washington, to review and wants me to
      do a full page article on De Wint and Hilton as he is going to make an effort
      to increase Art News'' provincial circulation. This week I hope to see the Tate
      Hiltons.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture went very well, though the numbers were down
      a bit: 45-50 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-Ford came I gave her tea. She has
      lent me a recent sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you come.
      (Do you know yet when that will be?)<br/>Do thank Tiny so much for entertaining
      me so splendidly, I enjoyed it and I think I have put on some weight. I do enjoy
      my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of being with you, but because
      I see Tiny and Clifford. I love them so very much. How did C''s sex lecture
      go? Let me know all about it. Did he like Walton? Hope Marjorie''s hand is no
      worse.<br/>I am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this evening
      and then I shall put them in my next letter to you.<br/>Speaking of my poems
      reminds me of your new paintings and let me say again how very much I admire
      them. They are good, so rich and yet rich with a more economical means than
      sometimes in the past. Is it the influence of your 3 huge still lifes for Mrs
      Bergman?<br/>This afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. I have
      looked out old catalogue and magazines. I wonder if you have finished - or are
      finishing now - your lecture for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while
      you'
    charcount: 2053
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/68d5df1a-a32e-48e2-9bf9-b47c6d24be99.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9699507
    median_ratio: 0.970303
    max_ratio: 0.9836066
    min_ratio: 0.9558646
    total_ratio: 4.8497536
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0699813
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0496851
    max_dissimilarity: 0.150904
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0163818
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70913450
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908302
    user_name: the3esses
    created_at: 1.5057159e+09
    started_on: 1.5057146e+09
    ended_on: 1.5057159e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f11_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5046272e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057449e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5056928e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1279.4200001
    minutes_annotating: 21.3236667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n9 november mcmii\nDearest Sylvia,\nI am sorry my
      last letter was so short but I wanted to show you my review. I enclose this
      time a copy of my handwriting review for you might be interested in that, as
      you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.\nMy journey home was easy and
      comfortable, except that it was taking me away from you. That is something I
      cannot bear for I love you so dearly. I hope that this time next Sunday you
      will be with me, dearest.\nGainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought
      it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought in. He gave me a large
      book on the Duncan Philips collection, Washington, to review and wants me to
      do a full-page article on De Wint and Hilton as he is going to make an effort
      to increase 'Art News' provincial circulation. This week I hope to see the Tate
      Hiltons.\nYesterday's lecture went very well, though the numbers were down a
      bit: 45-50 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-Ford came and I gave her tea. She has
      lent me a recent sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you come.
      (Do you know yet when that will be?)\nDo thank Tiny so much for entertaining
      me so spendidly. \nI enjoyed it and I think I have put on some weight. I do
      enjoy my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of being with you, but
      because I see Tiny and Clifford. I love them very much. How did C's sex lecture
      go? Let me know all about it. Did he like Walton? Hope Marjorie's hand is no
      worse.\nI am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this evening and
      then I shall put them in my next letter to you. Speaking of my poems reminds
      me of your new paintings and let me say again how very much I admire them. They
      are good, so rich and yet rich with a more economical means than sometimes in
      the past. Is it the influence of your 3 huge still life for Mrs Bergman?\nThis
      afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. I have looked out old catalogue
      and magazines. I wonder if you have finished - or are finishing now - your lecture
      for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you explain pots.\nI love
      you so much, I love love love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 november mcmii<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I
      am sorry my last letter was so short but I wanted to show you my review. I enclose
      this time a copy of my handwriting review for you might be interested in that,
      as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.<br/>My journey home was easy
      and comfortable, except that it was taking me away from you. That is something
      I cannot bear for I love you so dearly. I hope that this time next Sunday you
      will be with me, dearest.<br/>Gainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought
      it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought in. He gave me a large
      book on the Duncan Philips collection, Washington, to review and wants me to
      do a full-page article on De Wint and Hilton as he is going to make an effort
      to increase ''Art News'' provincial circulation. This week I hope to see the
      Tate Hiltons.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture went very well, though the numbers were
      down a bit: 45-50 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-Ford came and I gave her tea.
      She has lent me a recent sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you
      come. (Do you know yet when that will be?)<br/>Do thank Tiny so much for entertaining
      me so spendidly. <br/>I enjoyed it and I think I have put on some weight. I
      do enjoy my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of being with you, but
      because I see Tiny and Clifford. I love them very much. How did C''s sex lecture
      go? Let me know all about it. Did he like Walton? Hope Marjorie''s hand is no
      worse.<br/>I am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this evening
      and then I shall put them in my next letter to you. Speaking of my poems reminds
      me of your new paintings and let me say again how very much I admire them. They
      are good, so rich and yet rich with a more economical means than sometimes in
      the past. Is it the influence of your 3 huge still life for Mrs Bergman?<br/>This
      afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. I have looked out old catalogue
      and magazines. I wonder if you have finished - or are finishing now - your lecture
      for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you explain pots.<br/>I love
      you so much, I love love love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2123
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/68d5df1a-a32e-48e2-9bf9-b47c6d24be99.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9873362
    median_ratio: 0.989071
    max_ratio: 0.9921212
    min_ratio: 0.97763
    total_ratio: 4.9366812
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0699813
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0496851
    max_dissimilarity: 0.150904
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0163818
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70947001
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908302
    user_name: Molly_Carr
    created_at: 1.5057449e+09
    started_on: 1.505744e+09
    ended_on: 1.5057449e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_7_5) AppleWebKit/537.78.2
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/6.1.6 Safari/537.78.2
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f11_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5046272e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057449e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5056928e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 954.3799999
    minutes_annotating: 15.9063333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_7_5) AppleWebKit/537.78.2
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/6.1.6 Safari/537.78.2
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '6'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '7'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '6'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      9 november mcmii
      Dearest Sylvia,
      I am sorry my last letter was so short but I wanted to show you my review. I enclose this time a copy of my handwriting review for you might be interested in that, as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.
      My journey home was easy and comfortable, except that it was taking me away from you. That is something I connote bear for I love you so dearly. I hope that this time next Sunday you will be with me, dearest.
      Gainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought in. He gave me a large book on the Duncan Philips collection, Washington, to review and wants me to do a full page article on the De Wint and Hilton as he is going to make an effort to increase Art News' provincial circulation. This week I hope to see the Tate Hiltons.
      Yesterday's lecture went very well, though the numbers were down a bit: 40-45 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-Ford came and I gave her tea. She has lent me a recent sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you come. (Do you know yet when that will be?)
      Do thank Tiny so much for entertaining me so splendidly. I enjoyed it and I think I have put on some weight. I do enjoy my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of being with you, but because I see Tiny and Clifford. I love them very much. How did C's sex lecture go? Let me know all about it. Did he like Walton? Hope [unclear]Mayone's[/unclear] hand is not worse.
      I am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this evening and then I shall put them in my next letter to you. Speaking of my poems reminds me of your new paintings and let me say again how very much I admire them. They are good, so rich an yet rich with a more economical means than sometimes in the past. Is it the influences of your 3 huge still life for Mrs Bergman?
      This afternoon I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. I have looked out old catalogue and magazines. I wonder if you have finished - or are finishing now - your lecture for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you explain pots.
      I love you so much, I love love love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>9 november mcmii<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I
      am sorry my last letter was so short but I wanted to show you my review. I enclose
      this time a copy of my handwriting review for you might be interested in that,
      as you patiently heard bits of it in the writing.<br/>My journey home was easy
      and comfortable, except that it was taking me away from you. That is something
      I connote bear for I love you so dearly. I hope that this time next Sunday you
      will be with me, dearest.<br/>Gainsborough was amiable on Friday. Said he thought
      it sounded a nice show after he read the review I brought in. He gave me a large
      book on the Duncan Philips collection, Washington, to review and wants me to
      do a full page article on the De Wint and Hilton as he is going to make an effort
      to increase Art News'' provincial circulation. This week I hope to see the Tate
      Hiltons.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture went very well, though the numbers were down
      a bit: 40-45 instead of higher. Mrs Onslow-Ford came and I gave her tea. She
      has lent me a recent sketch by Gordon O-F which may interest you when you come.
      (Do you know yet when that will be?)<br/>Do thank Tiny so much for entertaining
      me so splendidly. I enjoyed it and I think I have put on some weight. I do enjoy
      my visits to Pett, not only because of the joy of being with you, but because
      I see Tiny and Clifford. I love them very much. How did C''s sex lecture go?
      Let me know all about it. Did he like Walton? Hope Mayone''s hand is not worse.<br/>I
      am writing two poems which I shall try and finish this evening and then I shall
      put them in my next letter to you. Speaking of my poems reminds me of your new
      paintings and let me say again how very much I admire them. They are good, so
      rich an yet rich with a more economical means than sometimes in the past. Is
      it the influences of your 3 huge still life for Mrs Bergman?<br/>This afternoon
      I shall do some notes on Barbara Hepworth. I have looked out old catalogue and
      magazines. I wonder if you have finished - or are finishing now - your lecture
      for Sevenoaks? I shall be talking on Turner while you explain pots.<br/>I love
      you so much, I love love love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2126
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/68d5df1a-a32e-48e2-9bf9-b47c6d24be99.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9774688
    median_ratio: 0.9793939
    max_ratio: 0.9842424
    min_ratio: 0.9706284
    total_ratio: 4.887344
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0699813
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0496851
    max_dissimilarity: 0.150904
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0163818
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f11_005.jpg

---
