---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_025
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 68997747
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908154
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.504413e+09
    started_on: 1.5044119e+09
    ended_on: 1.504413e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.504413e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057587e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5043968e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1146.1479998
    minutes_annotating: 19.1024667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Dearest Sylvia,\nI miss you so much. I feel depressed without
      you here\nfor I love you so much. My actions, awake, in bed, lectur-\ning, suffer
      from incompleteness because you are not there too.\nIn an effort to quell my
      loneliness I read the second Cheri\nnovel, hoping that the vividly living characters
      would con-\nsole me: perhaps they did a little but I kept being reminded\nby
      the illusion or our reality. Fiction cannot really make\nup what one misses.
      Art as make-believe is no antidone to\nthe fact of missing you.\n\nThank you
      for your letter. I am delighted, and impressed,\nthat your two nudes fit the
      frames. Congratulations:\nwhat an eye you have so nearly. Obviously, do not
      measure your frames\nin future. Feline intuition cannot be surpassed for accuracy.\n\nOh
      you poor creature, bothered by Tiny. I consider she is\nas irresponsible with
      her gloom as she considers I am in the\nother direction. I place her in the
      landscape round the Rect-\nory, the garden that is: dead gold-fish, 'two little
      marrows',\nexpiring French beans. I am sorry the garden is in this slight-\nly
      battered state though I feel certain that much will survive\neven this drought:
      it always does.\n\nYesterday's lecture was well-attended (30 people): Rodin,\nDespiau,
      Bourdelle, and Dalou. Madeleine came to the last\npart, enjoyed it, and gave
      me some tea. She enquired after you\nand hoped that you would soon spend more
      time in town. My\nextra lecture on 20's masterpieces, is on 11th August. Tomorrow's
      lecture is on\nWard and his Contemperaries: nobody came to it when it was\ncalled
      Regency Painters; nor when I called it Romanic Paint-\ners. It'll be amusing
      to see if the new name makes any dif-\nerence....\n\nMonica game me the Penguin
      book on Hopper (you remember Tyler's \narticle): it contains some very interesting
      works in addition\nto those we have seen already. (This is to say, she gave
      it to\nme from the bookstore stock when I demanded it).\n\nHow are you sleeping?
      I am not sleeping too badly but I wake\nvery early. I am glad you may go to
      Canterbury: I feel sure\nyou will enjoy the Cathedral again, despite Mjj.\n\nI
      will send you The Murderer and the Ad-Man, as soon as it is\nrevised and various
      other shorter poems I am working on.\n\nI adore you, Sylvia, I love love love
      you. I think of you\nall the time.\nI love you\nLawrence\n\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I miss you so much. I feel depressed
      without you here<br/>for I love you so much. My actions, awake, in bed, lectur-<br/>ing,
      suffer from incompleteness because you are not there too.<br/>In an effort to
      quell my loneliness I read the second Cheri<br/>novel, hoping that the vividly
      living characters would con-<br/>sole me: perhaps they did a little but I kept
      being reminded<br/>by the illusion or our reality. Fiction cannot really make<br/>up
      what one misses. Art as make-believe is no antidone to<br/>the fact of missing
      you.<br/><br/>Thank you for your letter. I am delighted, and impressed,<br/>that
      your two nudes fit the frames. Congratulations:<br/>what an eye you have so
      nearly. Obviously, do not measure your frames<br/>in future. Feline intuition
      cannot be surpassed for accuracy.<br/><br/>Oh you poor creature, bothered by
      Tiny. I consider she is<br/>as irresponsible with her gloom as she considers
      I am in the<br/>other direction. I place her in the landscape round the Rect-<br/>ory,
      the garden that is: dead gold-fish, ''two little marrows'',<br/>expiring French
      beans. I am sorry the garden is in this slight-<br/>ly battered state though
      I feel certain that much will survive<br/>even this drought: it always does.<br/><br/>Yesterday''s
      lecture was well-attended (30 people): Rodin,<br/>Despiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou.
      Madeleine came to the last<br/>part, enjoyed it, and gave me some tea. She enquired
      after you<br/>and hoped that you would soon spend more time in town. My<br/>extra
      lecture on 20''s masterpieces, is on 11th August. Tomorrow''s lecture is on<br/>Ward
      and his Contemperaries: nobody came to it when it was<br/>called Regency Painters;
      nor when I called it Romanic Paint-<br/>ers. It''ll be amusing to see if the
      new name makes any dif-<br/>erence....<br/><br/>Monica game me the Penguin book
      on Hopper (you remember Tyler''s <br/>article): it contains some very interesting
      works in addition<br/>to those we have seen already. (This is to say, she gave
      it to<br/>me from the bookstore stock when I demanded it).<br/><br/>How are
      you sleeping? I am not sleeping too badly but I wake<br/>very early. I am glad
      you may go to Canterbury: I feel sure<br/>you will enjoy the Cathedral again,
      despite Mjj.<br/><br/>I will send you The Murderer and the Ad-Man, as soon as
      it is<br/>revised and various other shorter poems I am working on.<br/><br/>I
      adore you, Sylvia, I love love love you. I think of you<br/>all the time.<br/>I
      love you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2300
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/57c54182-6c65-4b7b-8011-16920922fa8f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9641697
    median_ratio: 0.9626533
    max_ratio: 0.9716667
    min_ratio: 0.9582353
    total_ratio: 4.8208487
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0651306
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0710173
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1194409
    min_dissimilarity: 0.013132
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69175593
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908154
    user_name: Zooniverse2017
    created_at: 1.5046039e+09
    started_on: 1.5045514e+09
    ended_on: 1.5046039e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.504413e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057587e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5045696e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 52472.8280001
    minutes_annotating: 874.5471333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n30th July\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\n  I miss you so
      much.  I feel depressed without you here \nfor I love you so much.  My actions,
      awake, in bed, lectur-\ning, suffer from incompleteness because you are not
      there too. \nIn an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second Cheri\nnovel,
      hoping that the vividly living characters would con-\nsole me: perhaps they
      did a little but I kept being reminded\nby the illusion of our reality.  Fiction
      cannot really make\nup what one misses.  Art as make-believe is no antidote
      to\nthe fact of missing you.\n\n   Thank you for your letter.  I am delighted,
      an impressed,\nthat your two nudes so nearly fit the frames.   Congratulations:
      \nwhat an eye you have.  Obviously, do not measure your frames\nin future.  Feline
      intuition cannot be suppressed for accuracy.\n\n   Oh you poor creature, bothered
      by Tiny.  I consider she is\nas irresponsible with her gleem as she considers
      I am in the\nother direction.  I place her in the landscape round the Reet-\nory
      the garden that is: dead gold-fish, two little marrows',\nexpiring French beans.
      \ I am sorry the garden is in this slight-\nly battered state though I feel
      certain that much will survive\neven this drought: it always does.\n\n   Yesterday's
      lecture was well-attended (30 people). Rodin,\nDespiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou.
      \ Madeleine came to the last\npart, enjoyed it, and gave me tea.  She enquired
      after you\nand hoped that you would soon spend more time in town. My\nextra
      lecture on 20s masterpieces is on\n11th August. Tomorrow's lecture is on Ward
      and his Contemporaries: nobody came to it when it was\ncalled Regeney Painters;
      nor when I called it Romantic Paint-\ners.  It'll be amusing to see if the new
      name makes any dif-\nference...\n\n   Monica gave me the Penguin book on Hopper
      (you remember Tyler's\narticle): it contains some very interesting works in
      addition\nto those we have seen already.  (That is to say, she gave it\nto me
      from the bookstore stock when I demanded it.)\n\n   How are you sleeping? I
      am not sleeping too badly but I wake\nvery early.  I am glad you may go to Canterbury:
      I feel sure\nyou will enjoy the Cathedral again, despite Mjj.\n\nI will send
      you The Murderer and the Ad-Man as soon as it is\nrevised and various other
      shorter poems I am working on.\n\n   I adore you, Sylvia, I love love love you.
      I think of you\nall the time.\n\nLove you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th July<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>  I
      miss you so much.  I feel depressed without you here <br/>for I love you so
      much.  My actions, awake, in bed, lectur-<br/>ing, suffer from incompleteness
      because you are not there too. <br/>In an effort to quell my loneliness I read
      the second Cheri<br/>novel, hoping that the vividly living characters would
      con-<br/>sole me: perhaps they did a little but I kept being reminded<br/>by
      the illusion of our reality.  Fiction cannot really make<br/>up what one misses.  Art
      as make-believe is no antidote to<br/>the fact of missing you.<br/><br/>   Thank
      you for your letter.  I am delighted, an impressed,<br/>that your two nudes
      so nearly fit the frames.   Congratulations: <br/>what an eye you have.  Obviously,
      do not measure your frames<br/>in future.  Feline intuition cannot be suppressed
      for accuracy.<br/><br/>   Oh you poor creature, bothered by Tiny.  I consider
      she is<br/>as irresponsible with her gleem as she considers I am in the<br/>other
      direction.  I place her in the landscape round the Reet-<br/>ory the garden
      that is: dead gold-fish, two little marrows'',<br/>expiring French beans.  I
      am sorry the garden is in this slight-<br/>ly battered state though I feel certain
      that much will survive<br/>even this drought: it always does.<br/><br/>   Yesterday''s
      lecture was well-attended (30 people). Rodin,<br/>Despiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou.  Madeleine
      came to the last<br/>part, enjoyed it, and gave me tea.  She enquired after
      you<br/>and hoped that you would soon spend more time in town. My<br/>extra
      lecture on 20s masterpieces is on<br/>11th August. Tomorrow''s lecture is on
      Ward and his Contemporaries: nobody came to it when it was<br/>called Regeney
      Painters; nor when I called it Romantic Paint-<br/>ers.  It''ll be amusing to
      see if the new name makes any dif-<br/>ference...<br/><br/>   Monica gave me
      the Penguin book on Hopper (you remember Tyler''s<br/>article): it contains
      some very interesting works in addition<br/>to those we have seen already.  (That
      is to say, she gave it<br/>to me from the bookstore stock when I demanded it.)<br/><br/>   How
      are you sleeping? I am not sleeping too badly but I wake<br/>very early.  I
      am glad you may go to Canterbury: I feel sure<br/>you will enjoy the Cathedral
      again, despite Mjj.<br/><br/>I will send you The Murderer and the Ad-Man as
      soon as it is<br/>revised and various other shorter poems I am working on.<br/><br/>   I
      adore you, Sylvia, I love love love you. I think of you<br/>all the time.<br/><br/>Love
      you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2350
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/57c54182-6c65-4b7b-8011-16920922fa8f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.975918
    median_ratio: 0.9782609
    max_ratio: 0.985
    min_ratio: 0.9669283
    total_ratio: 4.8795898
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0651306
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0710173
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1194409
    min_dissimilarity: 0.013132
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69623899
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908154
    user_name: neko
    created_at: 1.5048876e+09
    started_on: 1.5048856e+09
    ended_on: 1.5048875e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.504413e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057587e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5048288e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1884.5550003
    minutes_annotating: 31.40925
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n30th July\nDearest Sylvia,\nI miss you so much.
      I feel depressed without you here\nfor I love you so much. My actions, awake,
      in bed, lectur-\ning, suffer from incompleteness because you are not there too.\nIn
      an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second Cheri\nnovel, hoping that
      the vividly living characters would con-\nsole me: perhaps they did a little
      but I kept being reminded\nby the illusion of our reality. Fiction cannot really
      make \nup what one misses. Art as make-believe is no antidote to\nthe fact of
      missing you.\nThank you for your letter. I am delighted, and impressed,\nthat
      your two nudes so nearly fit the frames. Congratulations:\nwhat an eye you have.
      Obviously, do not measure your frames\nin future. Feline intuition cannot be
      surpassed for accuracy.\nOh you poor creature, bothered by Tiny. I consider
      she is\nas irresponsible with her gloom as she considers I am in the\nother
      direction. I place her in the landscape round the Rect-\nory, the garden that
      is: dead gold-fish, 'two little marrows', \nexpiring French beans. I am sorry
      the garden is in this slight-\nly battered state though I feel certain that
      much will survive\neven this drought: it always does.\nYesterday's lecture was
      well-attended (30 people): Rodin,\nDespiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou. Madeleine
      came to the last\npart, enjoyed it, and gave me tea. She enquired after you\nand
      hoped that you would soon spend more time in town. My\nextra lecture on 20c.
      masterpieces is on 11th august. Tomorrow's lecture is on\nWard and his Contemporaries:
      nobody came to it when it was\ncalled Regency Painters; nor when I called it
      Romantic Paint-\ners. It'll be amusing to see if the new name makes any dif-\nference...\nMonica
      gave me the penguin book on Hopper (you remember Tyler's\narticle): it contains
      some very interesting works in addition\nto those we have sen already. (That
      is to say, she gave it to\nme from the bookstore stick when I demanded it.)\nHow
      are you sleeping? I am not sleeping too badly but I wake\nvery early. I am glad
      you may go to Canterbury: I feel sure \nyou will enjoy the Cathedral again,
      despite Mjj.\n\nI will send you The Murderer and the Ad-Men as soon as it is\nrevised
      and various other shorter poems I am working on.\nI adore you, Sylvia, I love
      love love you. I think of you\nall the time.\nI love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th July<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I miss
      you so much. I feel depressed without you here<br/>for I love you so much. My
      actions, awake, in bed, lectur-<br/>ing, suffer from incompleteness because
      you are not there too.<br/>In an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second
      Cheri<br/>novel, hoping that the vividly living characters would con-<br/>sole
      me: perhaps they did a little but I kept being reminded<br/>by the illusion
      of our reality. Fiction cannot really make <br/>up what one misses. Art as make-believe
      is no antidote to<br/>the fact of missing you.<br/>Thank you for your letter.
      I am delighted, and impressed,<br/>that your two nudes so nearly fit the frames.
      Congratulations:<br/>what an eye you have. Obviously, do not measure your frames<br/>in
      future. Feline intuition cannot be surpassed for accuracy.<br/>Oh you poor creature,
      bothered by Tiny. I consider she is<br/>as irresponsible with her gloom as she
      considers I am in the<br/>other direction. I place her in the landscape round
      the Rect-<br/>ory, the garden that is: dead gold-fish, ''two little marrows'',
      <br/>expiring French beans. I am sorry the garden is in this slight-<br/>ly
      battered state though I feel certain that much will survive<br/>even this drought:
      it always does.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture was well-attended (30 people): Rodin,<br/>Despiau,
      Bourdelle, and Dalou. Madeleine came to the last<br/>part, enjoyed it, and gave
      me tea. She enquired after you<br/>and hoped that you would soon spend more
      time in town. My<br/>extra lecture on 20c. masterpieces is on 11th august. Tomorrow''s
      lecture is on<br/>Ward and his Contemporaries: nobody came to it when it was<br/>called
      Regency Painters; nor when I called it Romantic Paint-<br/>ers. It''ll be amusing
      to see if the new name makes any dif-<br/>ference...<br/>Monica gave me the
      penguin book on Hopper (you remember Tyler''s<br/>article): it contains some
      very interesting works in addition<br/>to those we have sen already. (That is
      to say, she gave it to<br/>me from the bookstore stick when I demanded it.)<br/>How
      are you sleeping? I am not sleeping too badly but I wake<br/>very early. I am
      glad you may go to Canterbury: I feel sure <br/>you will enjoy the Cathedral
      again, despite Mjj.<br/><br/>I will send you The Murderer and the Ad-Men as
      soon as it is<br/>revised and various other shorter poems I am working on.<br/>I
      adore you, Sylvia, I love love love you. I think of you<br/>all the time.<br/>I
      love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2308
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/57c54182-6c65-4b7b-8011-16920922fa8f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9805251
    median_ratio: 0.979433
    max_ratio: 0.9938889
    min_ratio: 0.9714126
    total_ratio: 4.9026255
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0651306
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0710173
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1194409
    min_dissimilarity: 0.013132
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69682588
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908154
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5049254e+09
    started_on: 1.5049248e+09
    ended_on: 1.5049253e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.504413e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057587e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5049152e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 559.8559999
    minutes_annotating: 9.3309333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9460'
    os.minor: '73'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      30th July

      Dearest Sylvia,

      I miss you so much.  I feel depressed without you here
      for I love you so much.  My actions, awake, in bed, lectur-
      ing, suffer from incompleteness because you are not there too.
      In an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second Cheri
      novel, hoping that the vividly living characters would con-
      sole me:  perhaps they did a little but I kept being reminded
      by the illusion of our reality.  Fiction cannot really make
      up what one misses.  Art as make-believe is no antidote to
      the fact of missing you.

      Thank you for your letter.  I am delighted, and impressed,
      tat your two nudes fit the frames.  Congratulations:
      whatt an eye you have.  Obviously, do not measure your frames
      in future.  Feline intuition cannot be surpassed for accuracy.

      Oh you poor creature, bothered by Tiny.  I consider she is
      as irresponsible with her gloom as she considers I am in the
      oter direction.  I place her in the landscape round the Rect-
      ory, the garden that is:  dead gold-fish, 'two little marrows',
      expiring French beans.  I am sorry the garden is in this slight-
      ly battered state though I feel certain the much will survive
      even this drought:  it always does.

      Yesterday's lecture was well-attended (30 people):  Rodin,
      Despiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou.  Madeleine came to the last
      part, enjoyed it, and gave me tea.  Se enquired after you
      and hoped that you would soon spend more time in town.  My
      extra lecture is on 11th August.  Tomorrow's lecture is on
      Ward nd his Contemporaries:  nobody cams to it when it was
      called Regenc Painters; nor when I called it Romantic Paint-
      ers.  It'll be amusing to see if the new name makes any dif-
      ference...

      Monica gave me the Penguin book on Hopper (you remember Tyler's
      article):  it contains some very interesting works in addition
      to those we have seen already.  (Tht is to say, she gave it to
      me from the bookstore stock when I demanded it.)

      How are you sleeping?  I am not lseeping too badly but I was
      very early.  I am glad you may go to Canterbury:  I feel sure
      you will enjoy the Cathedral again, despite Mjj.

      I will send you The Murderer and the Ad-Man as soon as it is
      revised and various other shorter poems I am working on.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th July<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I
      miss you so much.  I feel depressed without you here<br/>for I love you so much.  My
      actions, awake, in bed, lectur-<br/>ing, suffer from incompleteness because
      you are not there too.<br/>In an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second
      Cheri<br/>novel, hoping that the vividly living characters would con-<br/>sole
      me:  perhaps they did a little but I kept being reminded<br/>by the illusion
      of our reality.  Fiction cannot really make<br/>up what one misses.  Art as
      make-believe is no antidote to<br/>the fact of missing you.<br/><br/>Thank you
      for your letter.  I am delighted, and impressed,<br/>tat your two nudes fit
      the frames.  Congratulations:<br/>whatt an eye you have.  Obviously, do not
      measure your frames<br/>in future.  Feline intuition cannot be surpassed for
      accuracy.<br/><br/>Oh you poor creature, bothered by Tiny.  I consider she is<br/>as
      irresponsible with her gloom as she considers I am in the<br/>oter direction.  I
      place her in the landscape round the Rect-<br/>ory, the garden that is:  dead
      gold-fish, ''two little marrows'',<br/>expiring French beans.  I am sorry the
      garden is in this slight-<br/>ly battered state though I feel certain the much
      will survive<br/>even this drought:  it always does.<br/><br/>Yesterday''s lecture
      was well-attended (30 people):  Rodin,<br/>Despiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou.  Madeleine
      came to the last<br/>part, enjoyed it, and gave me tea.  Se enquired after you<br/>and
      hoped that you would soon spend more time in town.  My<br/>extra lecture is
      on 11th August.  Tomorrow''s lecture is on<br/>Ward nd his Contemporaries:  nobody
      cams to it when it was<br/>called Regenc Painters; nor when I called it Romantic
      Paint-<br/>ers.  It''ll be amusing to see if the new name makes any dif-<br/>ference...<br/><br/>Monica
      gave me the Penguin book on Hopper (you remember Tyler''s<br/>article):  it
      contains some very interesting works in addition<br/>to those we have seen already.  (Tht
      is to say, she gave it to<br/>me from the bookstore stock when I demanded it.)<br/><br/>How
      are you sleeping?  I am not lseeping too badly but I was<br/>very early.  I
      am glad you may go to Canterbury:  I feel sure<br/>you will enjoy the Cathedral
      again, despite Mjj.<br/><br/>I will send you The Murderer and the Ad-Man as
      soon as it is<br/>revised and various other shorter poems I am working on.'
    charcount: 2209
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/57c54182-6c65-4b7b-8011-16920922fa8f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9410518
    median_ratio: 0.942029
    max_ratio: 0.9483333
    min_ratio: 0.933296
    total_ratio: 4.7052592
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0651306
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0710173
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1194409
    min_dissimilarity: 0.013132
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70037605
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908154
    user_name: GemzFaye
    created_at: 1.5052288e+09
    started_on: 1.5052278e+09
    ended_on: 1.5052287e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.504413e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057587e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5051744e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 979.5519998
    minutes_annotating: 16.3258667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n30th July\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\n   I miss you so
      much. I feel depressed without here\nfor I love you so much. My actions, awake,
      in bed, lectur-\ning, suffer from incompleteness because you are not there too.\nIn
      an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second Cheri\nnovel, hoping that
      the vividly living characters would con-\nsole me: perhaps they did a little
      but I kept being reminded\nbu the illusion of our reality. Fiction cannot really
      make\nup what one misses. Art as make - believe is no antidote to\nthe fact
      of missing you. \n\n   Thank you for your letter. I am delighted, and impressed,\nthat
      your two nudes so nearly fit the frames. Congratulations:\nwhat an eye you have.
      Obviously, do not measure your frames\nin future. Feline intuition cannot be
      surpassed for accuracy.\n\n   Oh you poor creature, bothered by Tiny. I consider
      she is\nas irresponsible with her gloom as she considers I am in the\nother
      direction. I place her in the landscape round the Rect-\nory, the garden that
      is: dead gold-fish, 'two little marrows;\nexpiring French beans. I am sorry
      the garden is in this slight-\nly battered state though I feel certain that
      much will survive \neven this drought: it always does.\n\n   Yesterday's lecture
      was well-attended (30 people): Rodin,\nDespiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou. Madeleine
      came to the last\npart, enjoyed it and gave me tea. She enquired after you\nand
      hope that you would soon spend more time in town. My\nextra lecture (on 20c.
      masterpieces), is on 11th August. Tomorrow's lecture is on\nWard and his Contemporaries:
      nobody came to it when it was\ncalled Regency Painters: nor when I called it
      Romantic Paint-\ners. It'll be amusing to see if the new name makes any dif-\nference...\n\n
      \  Monica gave the Penguin book on Hopper (you remember Tyler's\narticle): it
      contains soome very interesting works in addition \nto those we have seen already.
      (That is to say, she gave it to\nme from the bookstore stock. (When I demanded
      it)\n\n   How are you sleeping? I am not sleeping too badly but I wake \nvery
      early. I am glad you may go to Canterbury: I feel sure \nyou will enjoy the
      Cathedral again, despite [unclear]Mjj[/unclear]\n\n   I will send you The Murderer
      and the  Ad-Man as soon as it is\nrevised and various other shorter poems I
      am working on.\n\n   I adore you, Sylvia, I love love love you. I think of you\nall
      the time.\n\n                             Love you\n                             Laurence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th July<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>   I
      miss you so much. I feel depressed without here<br/>for I love you so much.
      My actions, awake, in bed, lectur-<br/>ing, suffer from incompleteness because
      you are not there too.<br/>In an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second
      Cheri<br/>novel, hoping that the vividly living characters would con-<br/>sole
      me: perhaps they did a little but I kept being reminded<br/>bu the illusion
      of our reality. Fiction cannot really make<br/>up what one misses. Art as make
      - believe is no antidote to<br/>the fact of missing you. <br/><br/>   Thank
      you for your letter. I am delighted, and impressed,<br/>that your two nudes
      so nearly fit the frames. Congratulations:<br/>what an eye you have. Obviously,
      do not measure your frames<br/>in future. Feline intuition cannot be surpassed
      for accuracy.<br/><br/>   Oh you poor creature, bothered by Tiny. I consider
      she is<br/>as irresponsible with her gloom as she considers I am in the<br/>other
      direction. I place her in the landscape round the Rect-<br/>ory, the garden
      that is: dead gold-fish, ''two little marrows;<br/>expiring French beans. I
      am sorry the garden is in this slight-<br/>ly battered state though I feel certain
      that much will survive <br/>even this drought: it always does.<br/><br/>   Yesterday''s
      lecture was well-attended (30 people): Rodin,<br/>Despiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou.
      Madeleine came to the last<br/>part, enjoyed it and gave me tea. She enquired
      after you<br/>and hope that you would soon spend more time in town. My<br/>extra
      lecture (on 20c. masterpieces), is on 11th August. Tomorrow''s lecture is on<br/>Ward
      and his Contemporaries: nobody came to it when it was<br/>called Regency Painters:
      nor when I called it Romantic Paint-<br/>ers. It''ll be amusing to see if the
      new name makes any dif-<br/>ference...<br/><br/>   Monica gave the Penguin book
      on Hopper (you remember Tyler''s<br/>article): it contains soome very interesting
      works in addition <br/>to those we have seen already. (That is to say, she gave
      it to<br/>me from the bookstore stock. (When I demanded it)<br/><br/>   How
      are you sleeping? I am not sleeping too badly but I wake <br/>very early. I
      am glad you may go to Canterbury: I feel sure <br/>you will enjoy the Cathedral
      again, despite Mjj<br/><br/>   I will send you The Murderer and the  Ad-Man
      as soon as it is<br/>revised and various other shorter poems I am working on.<br/><br/>   I
      adore you, Sylvia, I love love love you. I think of you<br/>all the time.<br/><br/>                             Love
      you<br/>                             Laurence'
    charcount: 2397
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/57c54182-6c65-4b7b-8011-16920922fa8f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9796517
    median_ratio: 0.9788772
    max_ratio: 0.9911111
    min_ratio: 0.9680493
    total_ratio: 4.8982586
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0651306
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0710173
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1194409
    min_dissimilarity: 0.013132
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70971561
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908154
    user_name: ZeynepY
    created_at: 1.5057587e+09
    started_on: 1.5057579e+09
    ended_on: 1.5057587e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_025.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.504413e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5057587e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5056928e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 810.556
    minutes_annotating: 13.5092667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      30th July

      Dearest Sylvia,

      I miss you so much. I feel depressed without you here for I love you so much. My actions, awake, in bed, lecturing, suffer from incompleteness because you are not there too. In an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second Cheri novel, hoping that the vividly living characters would console me: perhaps they did a little but I kept being reminded by the illusion of our reality. Fiction cannot really make up what one misses. Art as make-believe is no antidote to the fact of missing you.

      Thank you for your letter. I am delighted, and impressed, that your two nudes so nearly fit the frames. Congratulations: what an eye you have. Obviously, do not measure your frames in future. Feline intuition cannot be surpassed for accuracy.

      Oh you poor creature, bothered by Tiny. I consider she is as irresponsible with her gloom as she considers I am in the other direction. I place her in the landscape round the Rectory, the garden that is: dead gold-fish, 'two little marrows', expiring French beans. I am sorry the garden is in this slightly battered state though I feel certain that much will survive even this drought: it always does.

      Yesterday's lecture was well-attended (30 people): Rodin, Despiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou. Madeleine came to the last part, enjoyed it, and gave me tea. She enquired after you and hoped that you would soon spend more time in town. My extra lecture on 20 c. masterpieces is on 11th August. Tomorrow's lecture is on Ward and his Contemporaries: nobody came to it when it was called Regency Painters; nor when I called it Romantic Painters. It'll be amusing to see if the new name makes any difference...

      Monica gave me the Penguin book on Hopper (you remember Tyler's article): it contains some very interesting works in addition to those we have seen already. (That is to say, she gave it to me from the bookstore stock when I demanded it).

      How are you sleeping? I am not sleeping too badly but I wake very early. I am glad you may go to Canterbury: I feel sure you will enjoy the Cathedral again, despite Mjj.

      I will send you The Murderer and the Ad-Man as soon as it is revised and various other shorter poems I am working on.

      I adore you, Sylvia, I love love love you. I think of you all the time.

      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th July<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I
      miss you so much. I feel depressed without you here for I love you so much.
      My actions, awake, in bed, lecturing, suffer from incompleteness because you
      are not there too. In an effort to quell my loneliness I read the second Cheri
      novel, hoping that the vividly living characters would console me: perhaps they
      did a little but I kept being reminded by the illusion of our reality. Fiction
      cannot really make up what one misses. Art as make-believe is no antidote to
      the fact of missing you.<br/><br/>Thank you for your letter. I am delighted,
      and impressed, that your two nudes so nearly fit the frames. Congratulations:
      what an eye you have. Obviously, do not measure your frames in future. Feline
      intuition cannot be surpassed for accuracy.<br/><br/>Oh you poor creature, bothered
      by Tiny. I consider she is as irresponsible with her gloom as she considers
      I am in the other direction. I place her in the landscape round the Rectory,
      the garden that is: dead gold-fish, ''two little marrows'', expiring French
      beans. I am sorry the garden is in this slightly battered state though I feel
      certain that much will survive even this drought: it always does.<br/><br/>Yesterday''s
      lecture was well-attended (30 people): Rodin, Despiau, Bourdelle, and Dalou.
      Madeleine came to the last part, enjoyed it, and gave me tea. She enquired after
      you and hoped that you would soon spend more time in town. My extra lecture
      on 20 c. masterpieces is on 11th August. Tomorrow''s lecture is on Ward and
      his Contemporaries: nobody came to it when it was called Regency Painters; nor
      when I called it Romantic Painters. It''ll be amusing to see if the new name
      makes any difference...<br/><br/>Monica gave me the Penguin book on Hopper (you
      remember Tyler''s article): it contains some very interesting works in addition
      to those we have seen already. (That is to say, she gave it to me from the bookstore
      stock when I demanded it).<br/><br/>How are you sleeping? I am not sleeping
      too badly but I wake very early. I am glad you may go to Canterbury: I feel
      sure you will enjoy the Cathedral again, despite Mjj.<br/><br/>I will send you
      The Murderer and the Ad-Man as soon as it is revised and various other shorter
      poems I am working on.<br/><br/>I adore you, Sylvia, I love love love you. I
      think of you all the time.<br/><br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2304
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/57c54182-6c65-4b7b-8011-16920922fa8f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9858409
    median_ratio: 0.9855475
    max_ratio: 0.9949972
    min_ratio: 0.9775785
    total_ratio: 4.9292046
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0651306
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0710173
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1194409
    min_dissimilarity: 0.013132
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_025.jpg

---
