---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_022
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 68709715
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908149
    user_name: not-logged-in-6830b630afd43a360910
    created_at: 1.5041193e+09
    started_on: 1.5041184e+09
    ended_on: 1.5041193e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_022.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5041193e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053028e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5040512e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 827.7980001
    minutes_annotating: 13.7966333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\nSunday\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\n    Thank you so much
      for your letters, containing such good news\nabout your painting.  How happy
      it makes me that I should be\nimportant to your art.\n\n    I do hope that you
      are sleeping better now, than you were the\nnight you went to bed with Ruskin,
      as you sweetly put it.  I am\nsleeping well now, and I hope you are, too.\n\n
      \   How delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate\nat the age
      of six.  I had no idea you did that, thought I am not\nin the least surprised
      that you were able to.  Enchanting.\n\n    My shoes are a great success, comfortable
      and smart:  they do\nlook very smart on I consider.   Thank you for seeing them
      in \nthe first place and for giving them to me.  Yawolla says I am\nlike the
      King, having more than one birthday in the year.\n\n    I met Lines at the Tate
      yesterday.  He hopes I will lecture\nfor him in the autumn.  He has been to
      Arles and says everything\nthere is yellow, the light, the houses, the lot.
      \  Then he mention-\ned the ampitheatre and said he imagined Christians being
      thrown\nto 'yellow lions'.  I was delighted with the idea, as you can imagine.\n\n
      \   My lecture on Hodgkins' gouaches went very well, I believe, and \nI heaped
      abuse on The TImes and Cooper, and Newton.  It occurred\nto me that her cows
      and tractors in the lte works are like Staf-\nfordshire pottery:  not actual
      pieces introduced into her work as\nin the 30s, but that she gives coarse, vital
      life to her objects\nlike a Staffordshire potter.  If a potter were to handle
      a tractor\nor grain elevator, this is how it would look. . . \n\n    During
      the week I have several lectures.  One on Tuesday, one on Wednesday, two on
      Thrusday, one on Saturday:  the first and last\nare at the Tate, the others
      at the N. G.  By the way, speaking of \nlectures:  Mrs Cregan is away until
      next Monday.  So I have ar-\nranged to phone her at 9.00 tomorrow:  her mother
      thinks she is\nfree on 28th.  I will let you know quickly.\n\n    I saw Le Roux:
      \ Newcastle has written to him.\n\n    Yesterday I went to an S. E. A. committee
      meeting in the morning\nand I enclose a drawing of some of the characters.  I
      have a \nnice new book, for review:  an Iris color book (Batsford) on Early\nMedieval
      Illumination.\n\n    Father is preaching at Abbey Wood this evening.  As his
      medium\nhas a car I have invited him to look in at about 8.30 for a cup of\ntea.
      \ So I shall have to take some of the pictures down.  Robert"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Sunday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>    Thank
      you so much for your letters, containing such good news<br/>about your painting.  How
      happy it makes me that I should be<br/>important to your art.<br/><br/>    I
      do hope that you are sleeping better now, than you were the<br/>night you went
      to bed with Ruskin, as you sweetly put it.  I am<br/>sleeping well now, and
      I hope you are, too.<br/><br/>    How delightful is your memory of dancing at
      Notting Hill Gate<br/>at the age of six.  I had no idea you did that, thought
      I am not<br/>in the least surprised that you were able to.  Enchanting.<br/><br/>    My
      shoes are a great success, comfortable and smart:  they do<br/>look very smart
      on I consider.   Thank you for seeing them in <br/>the first place and for giving
      them to me.  Yawolla says I am<br/>like the King, having more than one birthday
      in the year.<br/><br/>    I met Lines at the Tate yesterday.  He hopes I will
      lecture<br/>for him in the autumn.  He has been to Arles and says everything<br/>there
      is yellow, the light, the houses, the lot.   Then he mention-<br/>ed the ampitheatre
      and said he imagined Christians being thrown<br/>to ''yellow lions''.  I was
      delighted with the idea, as you can imagine.<br/><br/>    My lecture on Hodgkins''
      gouaches went very well, I believe, and <br/>I heaped abuse on The TImes and
      Cooper, and Newton.  It occurred<br/>to me that her cows and tractors in the
      lte works are like Staf-<br/>fordshire pottery:  not actual pieces introduced
      into her work as<br/>in the 30s, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her
      objects<br/>like a Staffordshire potter.  If a potter were to handle a tractor<br/>or
      grain elevator, this is how it would look. . . <br/><br/>    During the week
      I have several lectures.  One on Tuesday, one on Wednesday, two on Thrusday,
      one on Saturday:  the first and last<br/>are at the Tate, the others at the
      N. G.  By the way, speaking of <br/>lectures:  Mrs Cregan is away until next
      Monday.  So I have ar-<br/>ranged to phone her at 9.00 tomorrow:  her mother
      thinks she is<br/>free on 28th.  I will let you know quickly.<br/><br/>    I
      saw Le Roux:  Newcastle has written to him.<br/><br/>    Yesterday I went to
      an S. E. A. committee meeting in the morning<br/>and I enclose a drawing of
      some of the characters.  I have a <br/>nice new book, for review:  an Iris color
      book (Batsford) on Early<br/>Medieval Illumination.<br/><br/>    Father is preaching
      at Abbey Wood this evening.  As his medium<br/>has a car I have invited him
      to look in at about 8.30 for a cup of<br/>tea.  So I shall have to take some
      of the pictures down.  Robert'
    charcount: 2430
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/4982e502-dd04-428c-b856-8ead6d3663c6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9840163
    median_ratio: 0.9828918
    max_ratio: 0.9895086
    min_ratio: 0.9780776
    total_ratio: 4.9200814
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403078
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0388669
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0662295
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0173333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69355976
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908149
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5047132e+09
    started_on: 1.5047128e+09
    ended_on: 1.5047132e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_022.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5041193e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053028e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.504656e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 439.5109999
    minutes_annotating: 7.3251833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9460'
    os.minor: '73'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      Sunday

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Thank you so much for your letters, containing such good news
      about your painting.  How happy it makes me that I should be
      important to your art.

      I do hope that you are sleeping better now, than you were the
      night you went to bed with Ruskin, as you sweetly put it.  I am
      sleeping well now, and I hope you are, too.

      How delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate
      at the age of six.  I had no idea you did that, though I am not
      in the least surprised that you were able to.  Enchanting.

      My shoes are a great success, comfortable and smart:  they do
      look very smart on I consider.  Thank you for seeing them in
      the first place and for giving them to me.  Yawolla says I am
      like the King, having more than one birthday in the year.

      I met Lines at the Tate yesterday.  He hopes I will lecture
      for him in the autumn.  He has been to Arles and says everything
      there is yellow, the light, the houses, the lot.  Then e mention-
      ed the amphitheatre and said he imagined Christian being thrown
      to 'yellow lions'.  I was delighted with the idea, as you can
      imagine.

      My lecture on Hodgkins' gouaches went very well, I believe, and
      I heaped abuse on The Times and Cooper, and Newton.  It occured
      to me that her cows and tractors in the late works are like Staf-
      fordshire pottery:  not actual pieces introduced into her work as
      in the 30s, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her objects
      like a Stafforshire potter.  If a potter were to handle a tractor
      or grain elevator, this is how it would look...

      During the week I have several lectures.  One on Tuesday, once
      on Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on Saturday:  the first and last
      are at the Tate, the others at the N.G.  By the way, speaking of
      lectures:  Mrs. Cregan is away until next Monday.  So I have ar-
      ranged to phone her at 9.00 tomorrow:  her mother things she is
      free on 28th.  I will let you know quickly.

      I saw Le Roux:  Newcastle has written to him.

      Yesterday I went to an S.E.A. committee meeting in the morning
      and I enclose a drawing of some of the characters.  I have a
      nice new book, for review:  an Iris color book (Batsford), on Early
      Medieval Illumination.

      Father is preaching at Abbey Wood this evening.  As his medium
      has a car I have invited him to look in at about 8.30 for a cup of
      tea.  So I shall have to take some of the pictures down.  Robert
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Sunday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letters, containing such good news<br/>about your painting.  How
      happy it makes me that I should be<br/>important to your art.<br/><br/>I do
      hope that you are sleeping better now, than you were the<br/>night you went
      to bed with Ruskin, as you sweetly put it.  I am<br/>sleeping well now, and
      I hope you are, too.<br/><br/>How delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting
      Hill Gate<br/>at the age of six.  I had no idea you did that, though I am not<br/>in
      the least surprised that you were able to.  Enchanting.<br/><br/>My shoes are
      a great success, comfortable and smart:  they do<br/>look very smart on I consider.  Thank
      you for seeing them in<br/>the first place and for giving them to me.  Yawolla
      says I am<br/>like the King, having more than one birthday in the year.<br/><br/>I
      met Lines at the Tate yesterday.  He hopes I will lecture<br/>for him in the
      autumn.  He has been to Arles and says everything<br/>there is yellow, the light,
      the houses, the lot.  Then e mention-<br/>ed the amphitheatre and said he imagined
      Christian being thrown<br/>to ''yellow lions''.  I was delighted with the idea,
      as you can<br/>imagine.<br/><br/>My lecture on Hodgkins'' gouaches went very
      well, I believe, and<br/>I heaped abuse on The Times and Cooper, and Newton.  It
      occured<br/>to me that her cows and tractors in the late works are like Staf-<br/>fordshire
      pottery:  not actual pieces introduced into her work as<br/>in the 30s, but
      that she gives coarse, vital life to her objects<br/>like a Stafforshire potter.  If
      a potter were to handle a tractor<br/>or grain elevator, this is how it would
      look...<br/><br/>During the week I have several lectures.  One on Tuesday, once<br/>on
      Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on Saturday:  the first and last<br/>are at
      the Tate, the others at the N.G.  By the way, speaking of<br/>lectures:  Mrs.
      Cregan is away until next Monday.  So I have ar-<br/>ranged to phone her at
      9.00 tomorrow:  her mother things she is<br/>free on 28th.  I will let you know
      quickly.<br/><br/>I saw Le Roux:  Newcastle has written to him.<br/><br/>Yesterday
      I went to an S.E.A. committee meeting in the morning<br/>and I enclose a drawing
      of some of the characters.  I have a<br/>nice new book, for review:  an Iris
      color book (Batsford), on Early<br/>Medieval Illumination.<br/><br/>Father is
      preaching at Abbey Wood this evening.  As his medium<br/>has a car I have invited
      him to look in at about 8.30 for a cup of<br/>tea.  So I shall have to take
      some of the pictures down.  Robert'
    charcount: 2378
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/4982e502-dd04-428c-b856-8ead6d3663c6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9861307
    median_ratio: 0.9850911
    max_ratio: 0.9906077
    min_ratio: 0.9814503
    total_ratio: 4.9306535
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403078
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0388669
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0662295
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0173333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69594006
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908149
    user_name: JanetCormack
    created_at: 1.5048705e+09
    started_on: 1.5048697e+09
    ended_on: 1.5048705e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_022.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5041193e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053028e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5048288e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 807.4460001
    minutes_annotating: 13.4574333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath \nSunday\n\nDearest Sylvia\nThank you so much for
      your letters, containing such good news about your painting. How happy it makes
      me that I should be important to your art.\nI do hope that you are sleeping
      better now, than you were the night you went to bed with Ruskin, as you sweetly
      put it. I am sleeping well now, and I hope you are, too.\nHow delightful is
      your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate at the age of six. I had no idea
      you did that, though I am not in the least surprised you were able to. Enchanting.\nMy
      shoes are a great success, comfortable and smart: they do look very smart on
      I consider. Thank you for seeing them in the first place and for giving them
      to me. Yawolla says I am like the King, having more than one birthday in the
      year.\nI met Lines at the Tate yesterday. He hopes I will lecture for him in
      the autumn. He has been to Arles and says everything there is yellow, the light,
      the houses, the lot. Then he mentioned the amphitheatre and said he imagined
      Christians being thrown to 'yellow lions'. I was delighted with the idea, as
      you can imagine.\nMy lecture on Hofgkin's gouaches went very well, I believe,
      and I heaped abuse on the The Times, and Cooper, and Newton. It occured to me
      that her cows and tractors in the late works are very like Staffordshire pottery:
      not actual pieces introduced into her work as in the 30s, but that she gives
      coarse, vital life to her objects like a Staffordshire potter. If a potter were
      to handle a tractor or grain elevator, this is how it would look ...\nDuring
      the week I have several lectures. One on Tuesday, one on Wednesday, two on Thursday,
      one on Saturday: the first and last are at the Tate, the others at the N.G.
      By the way, speaking of lectures: Mrs Cregan is away until next Monda. So I
      have arranged tophone her at 9.00 tomorrow: her mother thinks she is free on
      28th. I will let you know quickly.\nYesterday I went to an S.E.A. committee
      meeting in the morning and I enclose a drawing of some of the characters. I
      have a nice new book, for review: an Iris color book (Batsford), on Early Medieval
      Illimination.\nFather is preaching at Abbey Wood this evening. As his medium
      has a car I have invited him to look in at about 8.30 for a cup of tea. So I
      shall have to take some of the pictures down. Robert"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath <br/>Sunday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank
      you so much for your letters, containing such good news about your painting.
      How happy it makes me that I should be important to your art.<br/>I do hope
      that you are sleeping better now, than you were the night you went to bed with
      Ruskin, as you sweetly put it. I am sleeping well now, and I hope you are, too.<br/>How
      delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate at the age of six.
      I had no idea you did that, though I am not in the least surprised you were
      able to. Enchanting.<br/>My shoes are a great success, comfortable and smart:
      they do look very smart on I consider. Thank you for seeing them in the first
      place and for giving them to me. Yawolla says I am like the King, having more
      than one birthday in the year.<br/>I met Lines at the Tate yesterday. He hopes
      I will lecture for him in the autumn. He has been to Arles and says everything
      there is yellow, the light, the houses, the lot. Then he mentioned the amphitheatre
      and said he imagined Christians being thrown to ''yellow lions''. I was delighted
      with the idea, as you can imagine.<br/>My lecture on Hofgkin''s gouaches went
      very well, I believe, and I heaped abuse on the The Times, and Cooper, and Newton.
      It occured to me that her cows and tractors in the late works are very like
      Staffordshire pottery: not actual pieces introduced into her work as in the
      30s, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her objects like a Staffordshire
      potter. If a potter were to handle a tractor or grain elevator, this is how
      it would look ...<br/>During the week I have several lectures. One on Tuesday,
      one on Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on Saturday: the first and last are at
      the Tate, the others at the N.G. By the way, speaking of lectures: Mrs Cregan
      is away until next Monda. So I have arranged tophone her at 9.00 tomorrow: her
      mother thinks she is free on 28th. I will let you know quickly.<br/>Yesterday
      I went to an S.E.A. committee meeting in the morning and I enclose a drawing
      of some of the characters. I have a nice new book, for review: an Iris color
      book (Batsford), on Early Medieval Illimination.<br/>Father is preaching at
      Abbey Wood this evening. As his medium has a car I have invited him to look
      in at about 8.30 for a cup of tea. So I shall have to take some of the pictures
      down. Robert'
    charcount: 2295
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/4982e502-dd04-428c-b856-8ead6d3663c6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.968077
    median_ratio: 0.9663355
    max_ratio: 0.9712707
    min_ratio: 0.9657648
    total_ratio: 4.8403851
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403078
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0388669
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0662295
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0173333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69692328
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908149
    user_name: altheist
    created_at: 1.5049361e+09
    started_on: 1.5049355e+09
    ended_on: 1.5049361e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_022.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5041193e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053028e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5049152e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 604.0740001
    minutes_annotating: 10.0679
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      Sunday

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Thank you so much for your letters, containing such good news about your painting. How happy it makes e that I should be important to your art.

      I do hope that you are sleeping better now, then you were the night you went to bed with Ruskin, as you sweetly put it. I am sleeping well now, and I hope you are, too.

      How delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate at the age of six. I had no idea you did that, though I am not in the least surprised that you were able to. Enchanting.

      My shoes are a great success, comfortable and smart: they do look very smart on I consider. Thank you for seeing them in the first place and for giving them to me. Yawolla says I am like the King, having more than one birthday in the year.

      I met Lines at the Tate yesterday. He hopes I will lecture for him in the autumn. He has been to Arles and says everything there is yellow, the light, the houses, the lot. Then he mentioned the amphitheatre and said he imagined Christians being thrown to "yellow lions". I was delighted with the idea, as you can imagine.

      My lecture on Hodgkins' gouaches went very well, I believe, and I heaped abuse on The Times and Cooper, and Newton. It occurred to me that her cows and tractors in the late works are like Staffordshire pottery: not actual places introduced into her work as in the 30's, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her objects like a Staffordshire potter. If a potter were to handle a tractor or grain elevator, this is how it would look...

      During the week I have several lectures. One on Tuesday, one on Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on Saturday: the first and last are the Tate, the others at the N.G. By the way, speaking of lectures: Mrs. Cregan is away until next Monday. So I have arranged to phone her at 9:00 tomorrow: her mother thinks she is free on the 28th. I will let you know quickly.

      I saw [unclear]De[/unclear] Roux: Newcastle has written to him.

      Yesterday I went to an S.E.A. committee meeting in the morning and I enclose a drawing of some of the characters. I have a nice new book, for review: an Iris color book (Batsford), on Early Medieval Illumination.

      Father is preaching at Abbey Wood this evening. As his medium has a car I have invited him to look in at about 8:30 for a cup of tea. So I shall have to take some of the pictures down. Robert
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Sunday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letters, containing such good news about your painting.
      How happy it makes e that I should be important to your art.<br/><br/>I do hope
      that you are sleeping better now, then you were the night you went to bed with
      Ruskin, as you sweetly put it. I am sleeping well now, and I hope you are, too.<br/><br/>How
      delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate at the age of six.
      I had no idea you did that, though I am not in the least surprised that you
      were able to. Enchanting.<br/><br/>My shoes are a great success, comfortable
      and smart: they do look very smart on I consider. Thank you for seeing them
      in the first place and for giving them to me. Yawolla says I am like the King,
      having more than one birthday in the year.<br/><br/>I met Lines at the Tate
      yesterday. He hopes I will lecture for him in the autumn. He has been to Arles
      and says everything there is yellow, the light, the houses, the lot. Then he
      mentioned the amphitheatre and said he imagined Christians being thrown to "yellow
      lions". I was delighted with the idea, as you can imagine.<br/><br/>My lecture
      on Hodgkins'' gouaches went very well, I believe, and I heaped abuse on The
      Times and Cooper, and Newton. It occurred to me that her cows and tractors in
      the late works are like Staffordshire pottery: not actual places introduced
      into her work as in the 30''s, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her
      objects like a Staffordshire potter. If a potter were to handle a tractor or
      grain elevator, this is how it would look...<br/><br/>During the week I have
      several lectures. One on Tuesday, one on Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on
      Saturday: the first and last are the Tate, the others at the N.G. By the way,
      speaking of lectures: Mrs. Cregan is away until next Monday. So I have arranged
      to phone her at 9:00 tomorrow: her mother thinks she is free on the 28th. I
      will let you know quickly.<br/><br/>I saw De Roux: Newcastle has written to
      him.<br/><br/>Yesterday I went to an S.E.A. committee meeting in the morning
      and I enclose a drawing of some of the characters. I have a nice new book, for
      review: an Iris color book (Batsford), on Early Medieval Illumination.<br/><br/>Father
      is preaching at Abbey Wood this evening. As his medium has a car I have invited
      him to look in at about 8:30 for a cup of tea. So I shall have to take some
      of the pictures down. Robert'
    charcount: 2349
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/4982e502-dd04-428c-b856-8ead6d3663c6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9836867
    median_ratio: 0.9834346
    max_ratio: 0.9884042
    min_ratio: 0.9792018
    total_ratio: 4.9184335
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403078
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0388669
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0662295
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0173333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70033154
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908149
    user_name: GemzFaye
    created_at: 1.5052274e+09
    started_on: 1.5052265e+09
    ended_on: 1.5052273e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_022.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5041193e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053028e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5051744e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 776.6919999
    minutes_annotating: 12.9448667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\nSunday\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n     Thank you so much
      for your letters, containing such good news\nabout your painting. How happy
      it makes me that I should be\nimportant in your art.\n\n   I do hope that you
      are sleeping better now, than you were the\nnight you went to bed with Ruskin,
      as you sweetly put it. I am\nsleeping well now, and I hope you are, too.\n\n
      \  How delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate\nat the age
      of six. I had no idea you did that, though I am not\nin the least surprised
      that you were able to. Enchanting.\n\n   My shoes are a great success, comfortable
      and smart: they do\nlook very smart on I consider. Thank you for seeing them
      in\nthe first place and for giving them to me. Yawolla says I am \nlike the
      King, having more than one birthday in the year.\n\n   I met Lines at the Tate
      yesterday. He hopes I will lecture\nfor him in the autumn. He has been to Arles
      and says everything\nthere is yellow, the light, the houses, the lot. Then he
      mention-\ned the amphitheatre and said he imagined Christians being thrown\nto
      'yellow lions'. I was delighted with the idea, as you can\nimagine.\n\n   My
      lecture on Hodgkins, gouaches went very well, I believe, and\nI heaped abuse
      on The Times and Cooper, and Newton. It occured \nto me that her cows and tractors
      in the late works are like Staf-\nfordshire Pottery: not actual pieces introduced
      into her work as \nin the 30s, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her
      objects\nlike a Staffordshire potter. If a potter were to handle a tractor\nor
      grain elevator, this is how it would look...\n\n   During the week I have several
      lectures. One on Tuesday, one \non Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on Saturday:
      the first and last\nare at the Tate, the others at the N.G. By the way, speaking
      of\nlectures: Mrs Cregan is away until next Monday. So I have ar-\nranged to
      phone her at 9.00 tomorrow: her mother thinks she is\nfree on 28th. I will let
      you know quickly.\n\n  I saw Le Roux: Newcastle has written to him.\n\n   Yesterday
      I went to an S.E.A committee meeting in the morning\nand I enclose a drawing
      of some of the characters. I have a \nnice new book, for review: an Iris color
      book (Batsford), on Early\nMedieval Illumination.\n\n   Father is preaching
      at Abbey Wood this evening. As his medium\nhas a car I have invited him to look
      in at about 8.30 for a cup of\ntea. So I have have to take some of the pictures
      down. Robert"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Sunday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>     Thank
      you so much for your letters, containing such good news<br/>about your painting.
      How happy it makes me that I should be<br/>important in your art.<br/><br/>   I
      do hope that you are sleeping better now, than you were the<br/>night you went
      to bed with Ruskin, as you sweetly put it. I am<br/>sleeping well now, and I
      hope you are, too.<br/><br/>   How delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting
      Hill Gate<br/>at the age of six. I had no idea you did that, though I am not<br/>in
      the least surprised that you were able to. Enchanting.<br/><br/>   My shoes
      are a great success, comfortable and smart: they do<br/>look very smart on I
      consider. Thank you for seeing them in<br/>the first place and for giving them
      to me. Yawolla says I am <br/>like the King, having more than one birthday in
      the year.<br/><br/>   I met Lines at the Tate yesterday. He hopes I will lecture<br/>for
      him in the autumn. He has been to Arles and says everything<br/>there is yellow,
      the light, the houses, the lot. Then he mention-<br/>ed the amphitheatre and
      said he imagined Christians being thrown<br/>to ''yellow lions''. I was delighted
      with the idea, as you can<br/>imagine.<br/><br/>   My lecture on Hodgkins, gouaches
      went very well, I believe, and<br/>I heaped abuse on The Times and Cooper, and
      Newton. It occured <br/>to me that her cows and tractors in the late works are
      like Staf-<br/>fordshire Pottery: not actual pieces introduced into her work
      as <br/>in the 30s, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her objects<br/>like
      a Staffordshire potter. If a potter were to handle a tractor<br/>or grain elevator,
      this is how it would look...<br/><br/>   During the week I have several lectures.
      One on Tuesday, one <br/>on Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on Saturday: the
      first and last<br/>are at the Tate, the others at the N.G. By the way, speaking
      of<br/>lectures: Mrs Cregan is away until next Monday. So I have ar-<br/>ranged
      to phone her at 9.00 tomorrow: her mother thinks she is<br/>free on 28th. I
      will let you know quickly.<br/><br/>  I saw Le Roux: Newcastle has written to
      him.<br/><br/>   Yesterday I went to an S.E.A committee meeting in the morning<br/>and
      I enclose a drawing of some of the characters. I have a <br/>nice new book,
      for review: an Iris color book (Batsford), on Early<br/>Medieval Illumination.<br/><br/>   Father
      is preaching at Abbey Wood this evening. As his medium<br/>has a car I have
      invited him to look in at about 8.30 for a cup of<br/>tea. So I have have to
      take some of the pictures down. Robert'
    charcount: 2385
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/4982e502-dd04-428c-b856-8ead6d3663c6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9851346
    median_ratio: 0.9850911
    max_ratio: 0.9900607
    min_ratio: 0.9814503
    total_ratio: 4.9256732
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403078
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0388669
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0662295
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0173333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70178151
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908149
    user_name: glt
    created_at: 1.5053028e+09
    started_on: 1.505302e+09
    ended_on: 1.5053028e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_022.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5041193e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053028e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5052608e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 799.8320003
    minutes_annotating: 13.3305333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      Blackheath
      Sunday

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Thank you so much for your letters, containing such good news about your painting. How happy it makes me that I should be important to your art.

      I do hope that you are sleeping better now, than you were the night you went to bed with Ruskin, as you sweetly put it. I am sleeping well now, and I hope you are, too.

      How delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate at the age of six. I had no idea you did that, though I am not in the least surprised that you were able to. Enchanting.

      My shoes are a great success, comfortable and smart: they do look very smart on I consider. Thank you for seeing them in the first place and for giving them to me. Yawolla says I am like the King, having more than one birthday in the year.

      I met Lines at the Tate yesterday. He hopes I will lecture for him in the autumn. He has been to Arles and says everything there is yellow, the light, the houses, the lot. Then he mentioned the amphitheatre and said he imagined Christians being thrown to 'yellow lions'. I was delighted with the idea, as you can imagine.

      My lecture on Hodgkins' gouaches went very well, I believe, and I heaped abuse on The Times and Cooper, and Newton. It occurred to me that her cows and tractors in the late works are like Staffordshire pottery: not actual pieces introduced into her work as in the 30s, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her objects like a Staffordshire potter. If a potter were to handle a tractor or grain elevator, this is how it would look...

      During the week I have several lectures. One on Tuesday, on on Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on Saturday: the first and last are at the Tate, the others at the N.G. By the way, speaking of lectures: Mrs Cregan is away until next Monday. So I have arranged to phone her at 9.00 tomorrow: her mother thinks she is free on 28th.  I will let you know quickly.

      I saw Le Roux: Newcastle has written to him.

      Yesterday I went to an S.E.A. committee meeting in the morning and I enclose a drawing of some of the characters. I have a nice new book, for review: an Iris color book (Batsford), on Early Medieval Illumination.

      Father is preaching at Abbey Wood this evening. As his medium has a car I have invited him to look in at about 8.30 for a cup of tea. So I shall have to take some of the pictures down. Robert
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Sunday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letters, containing such good news about your painting.
      How happy it makes me that I should be important to your art.<br/><br/>I do
      hope that you are sleeping better now, than you were the night you went to bed
      with Ruskin, as you sweetly put it. I am sleeping well now, and I hope you are,
      too.<br/><br/>How delightful is your memory of dancing at Notting Hill Gate
      at the age of six. I had no idea you did that, though I am not in the least
      surprised that you were able to. Enchanting.<br/><br/>My shoes are a great success,
      comfortable and smart: they do look very smart on I consider. Thank you for
      seeing them in the first place and for giving them to me. Yawolla says I am
      like the King, having more than one birthday in the year.<br/><br/>I met Lines
      at the Tate yesterday. He hopes I will lecture for him in the autumn. He has
      been to Arles and says everything there is yellow, the light, the houses, the
      lot. Then he mentioned the amphitheatre and said he imagined Christians being
      thrown to ''yellow lions''. I was delighted with the idea, as you can imagine.<br/><br/>My
      lecture on Hodgkins'' gouaches went very well, I believe, and I heaped abuse
      on The Times and Cooper, and Newton. It occurred to me that her cows and tractors
      in the late works are like Staffordshire pottery: not actual pieces introduced
      into her work as in the 30s, but that she gives coarse, vital life to her objects
      like a Staffordshire potter. If a potter were to handle a tractor or grain elevator,
      this is how it would look...<br/><br/>During the week I have several lectures.
      One on Tuesday, on on Wednesday, two on Thursday, one on Saturday: the first
      and last are at the Tate, the others at the N.G. By the way, speaking of lectures:
      Mrs Cregan is away until next Monday. So I have arranged to phone her at 9.00
      tomorrow: her mother thinks she is free on 28th.  I will let you know quickly.<br/><br/>I
      saw Le Roux: Newcastle has written to him.<br/><br/>Yesterday I went to an S.E.A.
      committee meeting in the morning and I enclose a drawing of some of the characters.
      I have a nice new book, for review: an Iris color book (Batsford), on Early
      Medieval Illumination.<br/><br/>Father is preaching at Abbey Wood this evening.
      As his medium has a car I have invited him to look in at about 8.30 for a cup
      of tea. So I shall have to take some of the pictures down. Robert<br/>'
    charcount: 2348
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/4982e502-dd04-428c-b856-8ead6d3663c6.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9913367
    median_ratio: 0.99117
    max_ratio: 0.9955801
    min_ratio: 0.9865093
    total_ratio: 4.9566836
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403078
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0388669
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0662295
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0173333
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f07_022.jpg

---
