---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f03_061
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65494166
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284743
    user_name: TatterTangle
    created_at: 1.5017031e+09
    started_on: 1.5016973e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017031e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 5.1.1; KFASWI Build/LVY48F) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Silk/59.3.1 like Chrome/59.0.3071.117 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f03_061.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017031e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022311e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 5829.405
    minutes_annotating: 97.15675
    n_annotations: 22
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 5.1.1; KFASWI Build/LVY48F) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Silk/59.3.1 like Chrome/59.0.3071.117 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Amazon Silk
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '3'
    os.family: Android
    os.major: '5'
    os.minor: '1'
    device.family: Kindle
    ua.patch: '1'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: Amazon
    device.model: Kindle
    annotation_text: |2-
                                     1
           The District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn.  In the boxes of the car were several tins and cardboard boxes and [unclear]baltle[/unclear], a huge pair of scales and a blackbox:  in a pocket in front of me was a packet  of  Hexardian  Senna Pods .  The  Nurse  is small, saturd, and navy blue.  She has been having something called 'a hectic time? At the thought of it she puffs and sighs, at every  Dumped things on the backseat clinked and rattled alarmingly.
        Several children have made this place  a home from home and come in when they escape from school (disgraceful [unclear]really[/unclear]) until bed-time (dangerously late).   Last night after I had talked  to them  for about an hour I set them to counting up the [unclear]Nanm[/unclear] and the [unclear]cold[/unclear] pictures the number of animals in the exhibition , and so on.  After rhat they gave each other piggy backs  until I said sternly  they were before like their grandparents for about 3 minutes  they crept about with open legs  and  bent double  - silently. But only for 3 minutes.  Soon I had to throw them out.  They came back with memories of good behaviour.  One laid down on a bench  and pretended to be dead for a long time:  This was Sonet who is about 5 and has a squint and thick glasses.  The other 3 girls are about 5 or 6 , also  and are animated and unwashed, with yellow teeth and lank dark brown hair.   At leat I gotvthem interested in mythology animals and draw unicorns, griffions, sphinx and harpies for them.   I did not tell them how to trap a unicorn and I kept  the chimira.  The one who  who was dead finding herself ignored began to snore , turning a dangerous game into a mild one.
         Hamptons' vistors were easier to write about then this one  than those at Redbourn who are moe pleasant like :   if the farmers ones  had middle-class absurdity and foolishness  about them  they had, too,  a middle-class ability  to express  themselves  that is not enjoyed  by the ape-like vistors here. May one suggests they all have  a deep infinity  complex and I agree :  so they should have [unclear][/unclear] with their capabilities , they felt  anything else  it would be sheer [unclear]mega[/unclear]
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 6
    clean_transcription: '                               1<br/>     The District Nurse
      gave me a lift into Redbourn.  In the boxes of the car were several tins and
      cardboard boxes and baltle, a huge pair of scales and a blackbox:  in a pocket
      in front of me was a packet  of  Hexardian  Senna Pods .  The  Nurse  is small,
      saturd, and navy blue.  She has been having something called ''a hectic time?
      At the thought of it she puffs and sighs, at every  Dumped things on the backseat
      clinked and rattled alarmingly.<br/>  Several children have made this place  a
      home from home and come in when they escape from school (disgraceful really)
      until bed-time (dangerously late).   Last night after I had talked  to them  for
      about an hour I set them to counting up the Nanm and the cold pictures the number
      of animals in the exhibition , and so on.  After rhat they gave each other piggy
      backs  until I said sternly  they were before like their grandparents for about
      3 minutes  they crept about with open legs  and  bent double  - silently. But
      only for 3 minutes.  Soon I had to throw them out.  They came back with memories
      of good behaviour.  One laid down on a bench  and pretended to be dead for a
      long time:  This was Sonet who is about 5 and has a squint and thick glasses.  The
      other 3 girls are about 5 or 6 , also  and are animated and unwashed, with yellow
      teeth and lank dark brown hair.   At leat I gotvthem interested in mythology
      animals and draw unicorns, griffions, sphinx and harpies for them.   I did not
      tell them how to trap a unicorn and I kept  the chimira.  The one who  who was
      dead finding herself ignored began to snore , turning a dangerous game into
      a mild one.<br/>   Hamptons'' vistors were easier to write about then this one  than
      those at Redbourn who are moe pleasant like :   if the farmers ones  had middle-class
      absurdity and foolishness  about them  they had, too,  a middle-class ability  to
      express  themselves  that is not enjoyed  by the ape-like vistors here. May
      one suggests they all have  a deep infinity  complex and I agree :  so they
      should have  with their capabilities , they felt  anything else  it would be
      sheer mega'
    charcount: 2127
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/40b3c2b7-d5e3-460e-a379-cb3964569a9e.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8769308
    median_ratio: 0.884472
    max_ratio: 0.8854296
    min_ratio: 0.85642
    total_ratio: 4.3846541
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1530678
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1532148
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2936358
    min_dissimilarity: 0.045977
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65509979
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284743
    user_name: gailkoelker
    created_at: 1.5017085e+09
    started_on: 1.5017058e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017085e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0E; .NET4.0C;
      Tablet PC 2.0; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; rv:11.0)
      like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f03_061.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017031e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022311e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2762.365
    minutes_annotating: 46.0394167
    n_annotations: 22
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0E; .NET4.0C;
      Tablet PC 2.0; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; rv:11.0)
      like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      I
      The District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn. In the back of the car were several tins & cardboard boxes and bottles, a huge pair of scales, and a black box: in a pocket in front of me was a packet of Alexandrian senna pods. The nurse is small, rotund, and very blue. She has been having something called "a hectic time? As I thought of it she puffs and sighs. At every bump the things on the backseat clinked and rattled alarmingly.
      Several children have made this place a home from home & come in when they escape from school (disgracefully early) until bed-time (dangerously late). Last night after I had talked to them for about an hour I set them to counting up the warm and the cold pictures, the number of animals in the exhibition, and so on. After that they gave each other piggy backs until I said sternly they were to behave like their  grandparents & for about 3 minutes they crept about with open legs and bent double-silently. But only for 3 minutes. Soon I had to throw them out. They came back with promises of good behavior. One lay down on a bench and pretended to be dead for a long time: this was Janet who is about 5 and has a squint & thick glasses. The other 3 girls are about 5 or 6, also, and are animated, unwashed, with yellow teeth and lank dark brown hair. At last I got them interested in mythological animal & drew unicorns, griffons, sphinxes, and harpies for them. I did not tell them how to trap the unicorn and I kept back the chimera. The one who was dead finding herself ignored began to snore, turning a dangerous game into a milder one.
      Harpenden's visitors were easier to write about than those at Redbourn who are more peasant like: if the former ones had middle-class absurdity and foolishness about them they had, too, a middle-class ability to express themselves that is not enjoyed by the ape-like visitors here. Marjorie suggests that they all have a deep inferiority complex and I agree: so they should have for if, with their capabilities, they felt anything else it would be sheer mega-
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'I<br/>The District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn. In
      the back of the car were several tins & cardboard boxes and bottles, a huge
      pair of scales, and a black box: in a pocket in front of me was a packet of
      Alexandrian senna pods. The nurse is small, rotund, and very blue. She has been
      having something called "a hectic time? As I thought of it she puffs and sighs.
      At every bump the things on the backseat clinked and rattled alarmingly.<br/>Several
      children have made this place a home from home & come in when they escape from
      school (disgracefully early) until bed-time (dangerously late). Last night after
      I had talked to them for about an hour I set them to counting up the warm and
      the cold pictures, the number of animals in the exhibition, and so on. After
      that they gave each other piggy backs until I said sternly they were to behave
      like their  grandparents & for about 3 minutes they crept about with open legs
      and bent double-silently. But only for 3 minutes. Soon I had to throw them out.
      They came back with promises of good behavior. One lay down on a bench and pretended
      to be dead for a long time: this was Janet who is about 5 and has a squint &
      thick glasses. The other 3 girls are about 5 or 6, also, and are animated, unwashed,
      with yellow teeth and lank dark brown hair. At last I got them interested in
      mythological animal & drew unicorns, griffons, sphinxes, and harpies for them.
      I did not tell them how to trap the unicorn and I kept back the chimera. The
      one who was dead finding herself ignored began to snore, turning a dangerous
      game into a milder one.<br/>Harpenden''s visitors were easier to write about
      than those at Redbourn who are more peasant like: if the former ones had middle-class
      absurdity and foolishness about them they had, too, a middle-class ability to
      express themselves that is not enjoyed by the ape-like visitors here. Marjorie
      suggests that they all have a deep inferiority complex and I agree: so they
      should have for if, with their capabilities, they felt anything else it would
      be sheer mega-'
    charcount: 2040
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/40b3c2b7-d5e3-460e-a379-cb3964569a9e.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9478197
    median_ratio: 0.9724828
    max_ratio: 0.9782609
    min_ratio: 0.8790524
    total_ratio: 4.7390984
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1530678
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1532148
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2936358
    min_dissimilarity: 0.045977
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65659958
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284743
    user_name: not-logged-in-ebfe6ef06b6b2872a820
    created_at: 1.5017927e+09
    started_on: 1.5017904e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017927e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f03_061.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017031e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022311e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2265.98
    minutes_annotating: 37.7663333
    n_annotations: 22
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "                                  1\n    The District Nurse
      gave me a lift into Redbourn.  In the back of the \ncar were several tins cardboard
      boxes and bottles, a huge pair of scales\nand a blackbox:  in a pocket in front
      of me was a packet of \nAlexandrian Senna Pods.  The Nurse is small, rotund,
      and wavy=\nblue.  She has been having something called 'hectic time? At\nthe
      thought of it she puffs and sighs.  At every bump the things\non the backseat
      clinked and rattled alarmingly.\n\n     Several children have made this place
      a home from home & come'\nin when they escape from school (disgracefully early)
      until\nbed-time (dangerously late).  Last night after, I had talked to\nthem
      for about an hour I set them to counting until [unclear]warm [/unclear]and the
      \ncold pictures, the number of animals in the exhibition, and soon.\nAfter that
      they each other big backs until I said sternly\n[unclear]day[/unclear]were a
      behave ]like grandparents. & for a about 3 minutes,\nthey crept about with open
      legs & bent double-silently.  But\nonly for 3 minutes.  Too I had to draw them
      out.  They came \nback with promises of good behavior.  One lay down on a \nbench
      and pretended to be dead for a long time:  This was Sonet\nwho is about 5 and
      has a squint and thick glasses.  the other 3 girls are about 5 or 6, also and
      are animated, unwashed, with\nyellow teeth and lank dark brown hair.  At last
      I got them \ninterested in mythological animals & and drew unicorns, griffons,\nsphinxes,
      and harpies for them.  I did not tell how\ntrap the unicorn and I kept back
      the chimera.  The one who\nwas dead finding herself ignored began to snorer
      turning a\ndangerous game into a milder one.  \n      Harpemden's visitors were
      easier to write about those \nat Redbourn who armor pleasant like:  if the former
      one\nhad middle-class absurdity and foolishness about them they \nhad, too,
      a middle-class ability to express themselves that\nis not enjoyed by the ape-like
      visitors here. \n Maryjane suggests that they all have a deep inferiority com-\nflex
      and I agree:  so they should for if, with their cap-\nabilities , they felt
      anything else it would be sheer mega-\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: '                                  1<br/>    The District
      Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn.  In the back of the <br/>car were several
      tins cardboard boxes and bottles, a huge pair of scales<br/>and a blackbox:  in
      a pocket in front of me was a packet of <br/>Alexandrian Senna Pods.  The Nurse
      is small, rotund, and wavy=<br/>blue.  She has been having something called
      ''hectic time? At<br/>the thought of it she puffs and sighs.  At every bump
      the things<br/>on the backseat clinked and rattled alarmingly.<br/><br/>     Several
      children have made this place a home from home & come''<br/>in when they escape
      from school (disgracefully early) until<br/>bed-time (dangerously late).  Last
      night after, I had talked to<br/>them for about an hour I set them to counting
      until warm and the <br/>cold pictures, the number of animals in the exhibition,
      and soon.<br/>After that they each other big backs until I said sternly<br/>daywere
      a behave ]like grandparents. & for a about 3 minutes,<br/>they crept about with
      open legs & bent double-silently.  But<br/>only for 3 minutes.  Too I had to
      draw them out.  They came <br/>back with promises of good behavior.  One lay
      down on a <br/>bench and pretended to be dead for a long time:  This was Sonet<br/>who
      is about 5 and has a squint and thick glasses.  the other 3 girls are about
      5 or 6, also and are animated, unwashed, with<br/>yellow teeth and lank dark
      brown hair.  At last I got them <br/>interested in mythological animals & and
      drew unicorns, griffons,<br/>sphinxes, and harpies for them.  I did not tell
      how<br/>trap the unicorn and I kept back the chimera.  The one who<br/>was dead
      finding herself ignored began to snorer turning a<br/>dangerous game into a
      milder one.  <br/>      Harpemden''s visitors were easier to write about those
      <br/>at Redbourn who armor pleasant like:  if the former one<br/>had middle-class
      absurdity and foolishness about them they <br/>had, too, a middle-class ability
      to express themselves that<br/>is not enjoyed by the ape-like visitors here.
      <br/> Maryjane suggests that they all have a deep inferiority com-<br/>flex
      and I agree:  so they should for if, with their cap-<br/>abilities , they felt
      anything else it would be sheer mega-<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2092
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/40b3c2b7-d5e3-460e-a379-cb3964569a9e.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.906384
    median_ratio: 0.9190535
    max_ratio: 0.9258105
    min_ratio: 0.8447631
    total_ratio: 4.5319202
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1530678
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1532148
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2936358
    min_dissimilarity: 0.045977
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65762111
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284743
    user_name: ChrisMM76
    created_at: 1.5018683e+09
    started_on: 1.5018655e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018683e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f03_061.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017031e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022311e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2722.7050002
    minutes_annotating: 45.3784167
    n_annotations: 22
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "I\n     The District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn.  In
      the back of the \ncar were several tins & cardboard boxes and bottles, a huge
      pair of scales, \nand a black-box:  in a pocket in front of me was a packer
      of \nAlexandrian senna pods.  the Nurse is small, rotund, and wavy-\nblue.  She
      has been having something called  'a hectic time?  At \nthe thought of it she
      puffs and sighs.  at every bump the things \non the backseat clicked and rattled
      alarmingly.\n  Several children have made this place a home from home & com\nin
      when they escape from school (disgracefully early) until \nbed-time (dangerously
      late).  Last night after I had talked to\nthen for about an hour I set them
      to counting of the warm and the \ncold pictures, the number of animals in the
      exhibition, and so on. \nAfter that they gave each other piggy backs until I
      said sternly \nthey were to behave like their grandparents & for about 3 minutes
      \nthey crept about with open legs & bent double - silently.  But \nonly for
      3 minutes.  Soon I had to throw them out.  They came \nback with promises of
      good behavior.  One lay down on a \nbench and pretended to be dead for a long
      time:  this was Janet \nwho about 5 and has a squint & thick glasses.  The other
      3 \ngirls are about 5 or 6, also, and are animated, unwashed, with \nyellow
      teeth and lank dark brown hair.  At last I got them \ninterested in mythological
      animals & drew unicorns, griffons, \nsphinxes, and harpies for them.   I did
      not tell them how to \ntrap the unicorn and I kept back the chimera.  The one
      who \nws dead finding herself ignored began to snore, turning a \ndangerous
      game into a milder one.\n     Harpenden's visitors were easier to write about
      than those \nat Redbourn who are more pleasant like:  if the former ones \nhad
      middle-class absurdity and foolishness about them they \nhad, too, a middle-class
      ability to express themselves that \nis not enjoyed by the ape-like visitors
      here. \nMarjorie suggests that they a have a deep inferiority com-\nplex and
      I agree:  so they should have for it, with their cap-\nabilities, they felt
      anything else it would be sheer mega-\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'I<br/>     The District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn.  In
      the back of the <br/>car were several tins & cardboard boxes and bottles, a
      huge pair of scales, <br/>and a black-box:  in a pocket in front of me was a
      packer of <br/>Alexandrian senna pods.  the Nurse is small, rotund, and wavy-<br/>blue.  She
      has been having something called  ''a hectic time?  At <br/>the thought of it
      she puffs and sighs.  at every bump the things <br/>on the backseat clicked
      and rattled alarmingly.<br/>  Several children have made this place a home from
      home & com<br/>in when they escape from school (disgracefully early) until <br/>bed-time
      (dangerously late).  Last night after I had talked to<br/>then for about an
      hour I set them to counting of the warm and the <br/>cold pictures, the number
      of animals in the exhibition, and so on. <br/>After that they gave each other
      piggy backs until I said sternly <br/>they were to behave like their grandparents
      & for about 3 minutes <br/>they crept about with open legs & bent double - silently.  But
      <br/>only for 3 minutes.  Soon I had to throw them out.  They came <br/>back
      with promises of good behavior.  One lay down on a <br/>bench and pretended
      to be dead for a long time:  this was Janet <br/>who about 5 and has a squint
      & thick glasses.  The other 3 <br/>girls are about 5 or 6, also, and are animated,
      unwashed, with <br/>yellow teeth and lank dark brown hair.  At last I got them
      <br/>interested in mythological animals & drew unicorns, griffons, <br/>sphinxes,
      and harpies for them.   I did not tell them how to <br/>trap the unicorn and
      I kept back the chimera.  The one who <br/>ws dead finding herself ignored began
      to snore, turning a <br/>dangerous game into a milder one.<br/>     Harpenden''s
      visitors were easier to write about than those <br/>at Redbourn who are more
      pleasant like:  if the former ones <br/>had middle-class absurdity and foolishness
      about them they <br/>had, too, a middle-class ability to express themselves
      that <br/>is not enjoyed by the ape-like visitors here. <br/>Marjorie suggests
      that they a have a deep inferiority com-<br/>plex and I agree:  so they should
      have for it, with their cap-<br/>abilities, they felt anything else it would
      be sheer mega-<br/>'
    charcount: 2100
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/40b3c2b7-d5e3-460e-a379-cb3964569a9e.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9339823
    median_ratio: 0.9565217
    max_ratio: 0.9688279
    min_ratio: 0.8634663
    total_ratio: 4.6699114
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1530678
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1532148
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2936358
    min_dissimilarity: 0.045977
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66045883
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284743
    user_name: k.h.pot
    created_at: 1.5021441e+09
    started_on: 1.5021278e+09
    ended_on: 1.5021441e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f03_061.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017031e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022311e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 16296.8039999
    minutes_annotating: 271.6134
    n_annotations: 22
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "I\nThe District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn. In the back
      of the \ncar were several tins & cardboard boxes and bottles, a huge pair of
      scales,\nand a black box: in a pocket in front of me was a packet of\nAlexandrian
      Senna Pods. The Nurse is small, rotund, and Navy-\nblue. She has been having
      something called 'a hectic time'. At\nthe thought of it she puffs and sighs.
      At every bump the things\nin the backseat clinked and rattled alarmingly.\n\nSeveral
      children have made this place a home from home & come\nin when they escape from
      school (disgracefully early) until\nbed-time (dangerously late). Last night
      after I had talked to\nthem for about an hour I set them to counting up the
      warm and the \ncold pictures, the number of animals in the exhibition, and so
      on.\nAfter that they gave each other piggy backs until I said sternly\nthey
      were to behave like their grandparents do for about 3 minutes.\nThe crept about
      with open legs & bent double - silently. But\nonly for 3 minutes. Soon I had
      to throw them out. They came\nback with promises of good behaviour. One lay
      down on a \nbench and pretended to be dead fora  long time: this was Janet\nwho
      is about 5 and has a squint & thick glasses. The other 3\ngirls are about 5
      or 6, also, and are animated, unwashed, with\nyellow teeth and lank dark brown
      hair. At last I got them\ninterested in mythological animals & drew unicorns,
      griffons,\nsphinxes, and harpies for them. I did not tell them how to \ntrap
      the unicorn and I kept back the chimera. The one who\nwas dead finding herself
      ignored began to snore, turning a\ndangerous game into a milder one.\n\nHarpenden's
      visitors were easier to write about than those\nat Redbourn who are more peasant
      like: if the farmer ones\nhad middle-class absurdity and foolishness about them
      they\nhad, too, a middle-class ability to express themselves that\nis not enjoyed
      by the ape-like visitors here.\nMaryanne suggests that they all have a deep
      inferiority com-\nplex and I agree: so they should have for if, with their cap-\nabilities,
      they felt anything else it would be sheer mega-"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'I<br/>The District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn. In
      the back of the <br/>car were several tins & cardboard boxes and bottles, a
      huge pair of scales,<br/>and a black box: in a pocket in front of me was a packet
      of<br/>Alexandrian Senna Pods. The Nurse is small, rotund, and Navy-<br/>blue.
      She has been having something called ''a hectic time''. At<br/>the thought of
      it she puffs and sighs. At every bump the things<br/>in the backseat clinked
      and rattled alarmingly.<br/><br/>Several children have made this place a home
      from home & come<br/>in when they escape from school (disgracefully early) until<br/>bed-time
      (dangerously late). Last night after I had talked to<br/>them for about an hour
      I set them to counting up the warm and the <br/>cold pictures, the number of
      animals in the exhibition, and so on.<br/>After that they gave each other piggy
      backs until I said sternly<br/>they were to behave like their grandparents do
      for about 3 minutes.<br/>The crept about with open legs & bent double - silently.
      But<br/>only for 3 minutes. Soon I had to throw them out. They came<br/>back
      with promises of good behaviour. One lay down on a <br/>bench and pretended
      to be dead fora  long time: this was Janet<br/>who is about 5 and has a squint
      & thick glasses. The other 3<br/>girls are about 5 or 6, also, and are animated,
      unwashed, with<br/>yellow teeth and lank dark brown hair. At last I got them<br/>interested
      in mythological animals & drew unicorns, griffons,<br/>sphinxes, and harpies
      for them. I did not tell them how to <br/>trap the unicorn and I kept back the
      chimera. The one who<br/>was dead finding herself ignored began to snore, turning
      a<br/>dangerous game into a milder one.<br/><br/>Harpenden''s visitors were
      easier to write about than those<br/>at Redbourn who are more peasant like:
      if the farmer ones<br/>had middle-class absurdity and foolishness about them
      they<br/>had, too, a middle-class ability to express themselves that<br/>is
      not enjoyed by the ape-like visitors here.<br/>Maryanne suggests that they all
      have a deep inferiority com-<br/>plex and I agree: so they should have for if,
      with their cap-<br/>abilities, they felt anything else it would be sheer mega-'
    charcount: 2056
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/40b3c2b7-d5e3-460e-a379-cb3964569a9e.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9466816
    median_ratio: 0.9668543
    max_ratio: 0.9794264
    min_ratio: 0.8821696
    total_ratio: 4.7334082
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1530678
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1532148
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2936358
    min_dissimilarity: 0.045977
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66160271
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284743
    user_name: lexicutioner
    created_at: 1.5022311e+09
    started_on: 1.5022302e+09
    ended_on: 1.5022311e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f03_061.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017031e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022311e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5021504e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 922.105
    minutes_annotating: 15.3684167
    n_annotations: 22
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      I
      The District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn. In the boot of the car were several tins & cardboard boxes and bottles, a huge pair of scales, and a black box: in a pocket in front of me was a packet of Alexandrian Senna Pods. The Nurse is small, rotund, and [unclear]very[/unclear] blue. She has been having something called 'a hectic time.' At the thought of it she puffs and sighs. At every bump the things in the backseat clinked and rattled alarmingly.

      Several children have made this place a home from home & come in when they escape from school (disgracefully early) until bed-time (dangerously late). Last night after I had talked to them for about an hour I set them to counting up the warm and the cold pictures, the number of animals in the exhibition, and so on. After that they gave each other piggy backs until I said sternly they were to behave like this grandparents  & for about 3 minutes they crept about with open legs & bent double - silently. But only for 3 minutes. Soon I had to throw them out. They came back with promises of good behaviour. One lay down on a bench and pretended to be dead for a long time: this was Sonet who is about 5 and has a squint & thick glasses. The other 3 girls are about 5 or 6, also, and are animated, unwashed, with yellow teeth and lank dark brown hair. At last I got them interested in mythological animals and drew unicorns, griffons, sphinxes, and harpies for them. I did not tell them how to trap the unicorn and I kept back the chimera. The one who was dead was finding herself ignored began to snore, turning a dangerous game into a milder one.

      [unclear]Harpenden's[/unclear] visitors were easier to write about than those at Redbourn who are more peasant like: if the former ones had middle-class absurdity and foolishness about them they had, too, a middle-class ability to express themselves that is not enjoyed by the ape-like visitors here. Marjorie suggests that they all have a deep inferiority complex and I agree: so they should have for if, with their capabilities, they felt anything else it would be sheer mega-
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'I<br/>The District Nurse gave me a lift into Redbourn. In
      the boot of the car were several tins & cardboard boxes and bottles, a huge
      pair of scales, and a black box: in a pocket in front of me was a packet of
      Alexandrian Senna Pods. The Nurse is small, rotund, and very blue. She has been
      having something called ''a hectic time.'' At the thought of it she puffs and
      sighs. At every bump the things in the backseat clinked and rattled alarmingly.<br/><br/>Several
      children have made this place a home from home & come in when they escape from
      school (disgracefully early) until bed-time (dangerously late). Last night after
      I had talked to them for about an hour I set them to counting up the warm and
      the cold pictures, the number of animals in the exhibition, and so on. After
      that they gave each other piggy backs until I said sternly they were to behave
      like this grandparents  & for about 3 minutes they crept about with open legs
      & bent double - silently. But only for 3 minutes. Soon I had to throw them out.
      They came back with promises of good behaviour. One lay down on a bench and
      pretended to be dead for a long time: this was Sonet who is about 5 and has
      a squint & thick glasses. The other 3 girls are about 5 or 6, also, and are
      animated, unwashed, with yellow teeth and lank dark brown hair. At last I got
      them interested in mythological animals and drew unicorns, griffons, sphinxes,
      and harpies for them. I did not tell them how to trap the unicorn and I kept
      back the chimera. The one who was dead was finding herself ignored began to
      snore, turning a dangerous game into a milder one.<br/><br/>Harpenden''s visitors
      were easier to write about than those at Redbourn who are more peasant like:
      if the former ones had middle-class absurdity and foolishness about them they
      had, too, a middle-class ability to express themselves that is not enjoyed by
      the ape-like visitors here. Marjorie suggests that they all have a deep inferiority
      complex and I agree: so they should have for if, with their capabilities, they
      felt anything else it would be sheer mega-'
    charcount: 2052
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/40b3c2b7-d5e3-460e-a379-cb3964569a9e.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9479302
    median_ratio: 0.9637273
    max_ratio: 0.9819202
    min_ratio: 0.8834165
    total_ratio: 4.7396511
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1530678
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1532148
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2936358
    min_dissimilarity: 0.045977
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f03_061.jpg

---
