---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_027
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 69893628
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908220
    user_name: JanetCormack
    created_at: 1.5051365e+09
    started_on: 1.5051355e+09
    ended_on: 1.5051365e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5051365e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506367e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.505088e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 927.711
    minutes_annotating: 15.46185
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n18 IX 52\nDearest Sylvia\nThank you for the Times
      advert., I shall write off at the week-end. (Yes, I have heard from B'ham -
      the vacancy has been filled.)\nI have just returned from town: I am taking your
      advice, returning home as soon as possible after a lecture. I am rather tired:
      it is good to be home.\nHow wretched that your cold is so bad. Now be a good
      cat and get well speedily. (You know what you would say to me.)\nSo that you
      will not find your questions unanseered I am reading back through your last
      three letters - answering each point as I come to it. Hence the dizzy succession
      of topics. But I know you prefer this to be left 'in a vacuum'.\nThank you for
      your delicious birthday greetings. How happy they made me. Tiny and C. both
      sent me charming cat cards. Mother paid for my wrist-watch and father gave me
      a book-token, with which I bought Some Versions of Pastoral and the French scenario
      of the film of ORPHEE. (I'll bring the latter to Pett for you to see)\nYour
      arguments about Auden are very interesting. I am considering them very closely.
      His theology is awful - that's true.\nYes I think, without realising ti, your
      Railway picture has turned into my GIANTS. How amusing: it's Lion's pre-conscious
      at work.\nWe will visit Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity. I look
      forward to that very much.\nI home the Savage's bed was not savage: I imagine
      you on straw in a hut. Cat's night out! You be careful, says Hetty.\nTomorrow
      I am staying at home and visiting Pasmore in the evening.\nI am taking your
      advice about cinemas. I have not even been to see Derby Day which is on locally.
      \nThe chemist has recommended yeast tablets & a fancy form of calomile to clear
      up a crop of vile spots on my neck, apparently related to the gland infection.
      They are driving me wild but I am NOT touching them. I hope to train myself,
      at last, to leave my face alone. We'll see!\nI have steak and onions for dinner:
      apples from the garden - cheese.\nDearest I wish you were here.\nI miss you
      so much. Let's hope York is suitable. I love you so much.\nThink of me as I
      think of you\nI adore you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>18 IX 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you
      for the Times advert., I shall write off at the week-end. (Yes, I have heard
      from B''ham - the vacancy has been filled.)<br/>I have just returned from town:
      I am taking your advice, returning home as soon as possible after a lecture.
      I am rather tired: it is good to be home.<br/>How wretched that your cold is
      so bad. Now be a good cat and get well speedily. (You know what you would say
      to me.)<br/>So that you will not find your questions unanseered I am reading
      back through your last three letters - answering each point as I come to it.
      Hence the dizzy succession of topics. But I know you prefer this to be left
      ''in a vacuum''.<br/>Thank you for your delicious birthday greetings. How happy
      they made me. Tiny and C. both sent me charming cat cards. Mother paid for my
      wrist-watch and father gave me a book-token, with which I bought Some Versions
      of Pastoral and the French scenario of the film of ORPHEE. (I''ll bring the
      latter to Pett for you to see)<br/>Your arguments about Auden are very interesting.
      I am considering them very closely. His theology is awful - that''s true.<br/>Yes
      I think, without realising ti, your Railway picture has turned into my GIANTS.
      How amusing: it''s Lion''s pre-conscious at work.<br/>We will visit Dreamboat
      together at the earliest opportunity. I look forward to that very much.<br/>I
      home the Savage''s bed was not savage: I imagine you on straw in a hut. Cat''s
      night out! You be careful, says Hetty.<br/>Tomorrow I am staying at home and
      visiting Pasmore in the evening.<br/>I am taking your advice about cinemas.
      I have not even been to see Derby Day which is on locally. <br/>The chemist
      has recommended yeast tablets & a fancy form of calomile to clear up a crop
      of vile spots on my neck, apparently related to the gland infection. They are
      driving me wild but I am NOT touching them. I hope to train myself, at last,
      to leave my face alone. We''ll see!<br/>I have steak and onions for dinner:
      apples from the garden - cheese.<br/>Dearest I wish you were here.<br/>I miss
      you so much. Let''s hope York is suitable. I love you so much.<br/>Think of
      me as I think of you<br/>I adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2117
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/85538af4-98b3-4fec-aed6-c1e9d3706c47.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9689525
    median_ratio: 0.9718998
    max_ratio: 0.9828955
    min_ratio: 0.9455696
    total_ratio: 4.8447625
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0998651
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0842391
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1662286
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0404664
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70053662
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908220
    user_name: Channy58
    created_at: 1.5052344e+09
    started_on: 1.5052329e+09
    ended_on: 1.5052345e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Trident/7.0; SLCC2; .NET CLR 2.0.50727;
      .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; Media Center PC 6.0; MDDS; .NET4.0C;
      Tablet PC 2.0; McAfee; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5051365e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506367e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5051744e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1666.3840001
    minutes_annotating: 27.7730667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Trident/7.0; SLCC2; .NET CLR 2.0.50727;
      .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; Media Center PC 6.0; MDDS; .NET4.0C;
      Tablet PC 2.0; McAfee; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |+
      Blackheath
      18IX 52
      Dearest Sylvia

      Thank you for the Times advert; I shall write off at the week-end.  (Yes, I have heard from B'ham - the vacancy has been filed.)
      I have just returned from town;  I am taking your advice, returning home as soon as possible after a lecture.  I am rather tired = it is good to be home.
      How [unclear][/unclear] that your cold is so bad.  Now be a good cat and get well speedily.  (You know shat you would say to me.)
      So that you will not find your questions unanswered I am reading back through your last three letters - [unclear][/unclear] each paint as I come to it.  Hence the dizzy succession of topics.  But I know you prefer this to being left 'in a vacuum'.
      Thank you for the delicious birthday greetings.  How happy they made one.  Tiny and C. both sent me charming cat cards.  Mother paid for my wrist-watch and father gave me a book token with [unclear][/unclear] I bought some Versions of Pastoral and the French scenario of the file of Dr Phee.  (I'll bring the latter to Pett for you to see).

      Your arguments about Auden are very interesting.  I am considering them very closely.  His theology is awful - that's time.

      Yes I think without realising it your Railway picture has turned into my GIANTS.  How amusing: it's lion's pre-conscious at work.

      We will visit Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity.  I look forward to that very much.

      I hope all [unclear][/unclear] had was not savage: I imagine you one show in hut.  Cat's nigh-out !  You be careful, says Hetty.

      Tomorrow I am staying at home and visiting Pasmore in the evening.

      I am taking your advice about cinemas, I have not even been to see Derby Day which is on locally.

      The chemist has recommend yeast tablets & fancy form of calomile to clean up a crop of [unclear][/unclear]spots on my neck, apparently related to the gland-infection.  They are driving me wild but I am not taking them.  I hope to train myself, at last, to leave my face alone.  We'll see !

      I have steak and inions for dinner:  apples from the garden - chees.  Dearest I wish you were here.
      I miss you so much, let's hope York is suitable !  I love you so much.
      Think of me as I think you of you.

    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 5
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>18IX 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/><br/>Thank
      you for the Times advert; I shall write off at the week-end.  (Yes, I have heard
      from B''ham - the vacancy has been filed.)<br/>I have just returned from town;  I
      am taking your advice, returning home as soon as possible after a lecture.  I
      am rather tired = it is good to be home.<br/>How  that your cold is so bad.  Now
      be a good cat and get well speedily.  (You know shat you would say to me.)<br/>So
      that you will not find your questions unanswered I am reading back through your
      last three letters -  each paint as I come to it.  Hence the dizzy succession
      of topics.  But I know you prefer this to being left ''in a vacuum''.<br/>Thank
      you for the delicious birthday greetings.  How happy they made one.  Tiny and
      C. both sent me charming cat cards.  Mother paid for my wrist-watch and father
      gave me a book token with  I bought some Versions of Pastoral and the French
      scenario of the file of Dr Phee.  (I''ll bring the latter to Pett for you to
      see).<br/><br/>Your arguments about Auden are very interesting.  I am considering
      them very closely.  His theology is awful - that''s time.<br/><br/>Yes I think
      without realising it your Railway picture has turned into my GIANTS.  How amusing:
      it''s lion''s pre-conscious at work.<br/><br/>We will visit Dreamboat together
      at the earliest opportunity.  I look forward to that very much.<br/><br/>I hope
      all  had was not savage: I imagine you one show in hut.  Cat''s nigh-out !  You
      be careful, says Hetty.<br/><br/>Tomorrow I am staying at home and visiting
      Pasmore in the evening.<br/><br/>I am taking your advice about cinemas, I have
      not even been to see Derby Day which is on locally.<br/><br/>The chemist has
      recommend yeast tablets & fancy form of calomile to clean up a crop of spots
      on my neck, apparently related to the gland-infection.  They are driving me
      wild but I am not taking them.  I hope to train myself, at last, to leave my
      face alone.  We''ll see !<br/><br/>I have steak and inions for dinner:  apples
      from the garden - chees.  Dearest I wish you were here.<br/>I miss you so much,
      let''s hope York is suitable !  I love you so much.<br/>Think of me as I think
      you of you.<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2092
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/85538af4-98b3-4fec-aed6-c1e9d3706c47.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9142939
    median_ratio: 0.9148284
    max_ratio: 0.9226964
    min_ratio: 0.908369
    total_ratio: 4.5714697
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0998651
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0842391
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1662286
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0404664
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70964967
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908220
    user_name: the3esses
    created_at: 1.5057551e+09
    started_on: 1.5057343e+09
    ended_on: 1.5057551e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5051365e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506367e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5056928e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 20779.244
    minutes_annotating: 346.3207333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Dearest Sylvia\nThank you for the Times advert., I shall write
      off at the week-end.  (Yes, I have heard from B'ham - the vacancy has been filled.)\nI
      have just returned from town: I am taking your advice, returning home as soon
      as possible after a lecture. I am rather tired: it is good to be home.\nHow
      wretched that your cold is so bad. Now be a good cat and get well speedily.
      (you know what you would say to me.)\nSo that you will not find your questions
      unanswered I am reading back through your last three letters - answering each
      point as I come to it. Hence the dizzy succession of topics. But I know you
      prefer this to being left 'in a vacuum'.\nThank you for your delicious birthday
      greetings. How happy they made me. Tiny and C. both sent me charming cat cards.
      Mother paid for my wrist-watch and father gave me a book token with which \nI
      bought some Versions of Pastoral and the French scenario of the film of DRPHEE
      (I'll bring the latter to Pett for you to see).\nYour arguements about Airden
      are very interesting. I am considering them very closely. His theology is awful,
      that's true.\nYes I think without realising it, your railway picture has turned
      into my GIANTS. How amusing@ it's lion's pre-conscious at work.\nWe will visit
      Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity, I look forward to that very
      much.\nI hope the Savage's had was not savage: I imagine you on straw in a hut.
      Cat's night-out! You be careful, says Hetty.\nTomorrow I am staying at home
      and visiting Pasmore in the evening.\nI am taking you advice about cinemas,
      I have not even been to see Derby Day which is on locally.\nThe chemist has
      recommend yeast tablets, & a fancy form of calomile to clean up a crop of [unclear]rile[/unclear]
      spots on my neck, apparently related to the gland - infection They are driving
      me wild but I am NOT touching them. I hope to train myself at last, to leave
      my face alone. We'll see!\nI love steak and onions for dinner: apples from the
      garden - cheese.\nDearest I wish you were here.\nI miss you so much. Let's hope
      York is suitable. I love you so much.\nThink of me as I think of you.\nAdore
      you \nLawrence\n\n\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you for the Times advert., I shall
      write off at the week-end.  (Yes, I have heard from B''ham - the vacancy has
      been filled.)<br/>I have just returned from town: I am taking your advice, returning
      home as soon as possible after a lecture. I am rather tired: it is good to be
      home.<br/>How wretched that your cold is so bad. Now be a good cat and get well
      speedily. (you know what you would say to me.)<br/>So that you will not find
      your questions unanswered I am reading back through your last three letters
      - answering each point as I come to it. Hence the dizzy succession of topics.
      But I know you prefer this to being left ''in a vacuum''.<br/>Thank you for
      your delicious birthday greetings. How happy they made me. Tiny and C. both
      sent me charming cat cards. Mother paid for my wrist-watch and father gave me
      a book token with which <br/>I bought some Versions of Pastoral and the French
      scenario of the film of DRPHEE (I''ll bring the latter to Pett for you to see).<br/>Your
      arguements about Airden are very interesting. I am considering them very closely.
      His theology is awful, that''s true.<br/>Yes I think without realising it, your
      railway picture has turned into my GIANTS. How amusing@ it''s lion''s pre-conscious
      at work.<br/>We will visit Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity, I
      look forward to that very much.<br/>I hope the Savage''s had was not savage:
      I imagine you on straw in a hut. Cat''s night-out! You be careful, says Hetty.<br/>Tomorrow
      I am staying at home and visiting Pasmore in the evening.<br/>I am taking you
      advice about cinemas, I have not even been to see Derby Day which is on locally.<br/>The
      chemist has recommend yeast tablets, & a fancy form of calomile to clean up
      a crop of rile spots on my neck, apparently related to the gland - infection
      They are driving me wild but I am NOT touching them. I hope to train myself
      at last, to leave my face alone. We''ll see!<br/>I love steak and onions for
      dinner: apples from the garden - cheese.<br/>Dearest I wish you were here.<br/>I
      miss you so much. Let''s hope York is suitable. I love you so much.<br/>Think
      of me as I think of you.<br/>Adore you <br/>Lawrence<br/><br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2101
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/85538af4-98b3-4fec-aed6-c1e9d3706c47.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9542668
    median_ratio: 0.958642
    max_ratio: 0.9639585
    min_ratio: 0.9398734
    total_ratio: 4.7713339
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0998651
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0842391
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1662286
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0404664
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71067329
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908220
    user_name: southsidesunny
    created_at: 1.5058386e+09
    started_on: 1.5056882e+09
    ended_on: 1.5058386e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5051365e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506367e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5057792e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 150360.2550001
    minutes_annotating: 2506.00425
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n18 IX 52\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n   Thank you for the
      Times advert., I shall write off at the week-end.\n(Yes, I have heard from [unclear]B'
      ham[/unclear] -- the vacancy has been filled.)\n   I have just returned from
      town =  I am taking your advice, returning\nhome as soon as possible after a
      lecture.  I m rather tired =  it is good\nto be home.\n   How  wretched that
      your cold is so bad.  Now be a good cat and\nget well speedily.  (You know what
      you would say to me.)\n   So that you will not find your questions unanswered
      I am read-\ning back through your last three letters -- answering each point
      as I\ncome to it.  Hence the dizzy succession of topics.  But I know you\nprefer
      this being left 'in a vacuum'.\n   Thank you for your delicious birthday greetings.
      \ How happy\nthey made me.  Tiny and C. both sent me charming cat cards.  Mother\npaid
      for my wrist-watch and father gave me a book -tote with  with[unclear] a bird[/unclear]\nI
      bought Some Versions of Pastoral and the French scenario of the\nfilm of ORPHEE.
      \ (I'll bring the latter to Pett for you to see)\n   Your arguments about Auden
      are very interesting.  I am\nconsidering them very closely.  His theology is
      \n awful - that's true.\n   Yes I think, without   realising it, your Railway
      picture has\n turned into my GIANTS.  How amusing: it's Lion's Pre-conscious
      at work.\n   We will visit Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity --\nI
      looks forward to that very much.\n   I hope the Savages [unclear]bed[/unclear]
      was not savage:  I imagine you on\nstraw in a hat.  Cat's night-out!  You be
      careful, says [unclear]Hetty[/unclear].\n   Tomorrow I am staying at home and
      visiting Pasmore in\nthe evening.\n   I am taking your advice about cinemas.
      \ I have not even been to\nsee Derby Day which is on locally.\n   The chemist
      has recommend yeast tablets & a fancy form\nof calomile to clear up a crop of
      vile spots on my neck, ap-\nparently related to the gland-infection.  They are
      driving me\nwild but I am NOT touching them.  I hope to train myself,\nat last,
      to leave my face alone.  We'll see!\n   I have steak and onions for dinner =
      apples from the garden --cheese.\n   Dearest I wish you were here.\n   I miss
      you so much: let's hope York is suitable.   I\nlove you so much.\n        Think
      of me as I think of you\n               I adore you\n                      Lawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 4
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>18 IX 52<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>   Thank
      you for the Times advert., I shall write off at the week-end.<br/>(Yes, I have
      heard from B'' ham -- the vacancy has been filled.)<br/>   I have just returned
      from town =  I am taking your advice, returning<br/>home as soon as possible
      after a lecture.  I m rather tired =  it is good<br/>to be home.<br/>   How  wretched
      that your cold is so bad.  Now be a good cat and<br/>get well speedily.  (You
      know what you would say to me.)<br/>   So that you will not find your questions
      unanswered I am read-<br/>ing back through your last three letters -- answering
      each point as I<br/>come to it.  Hence the dizzy succession of topics.  But
      I know you<br/>prefer this being left ''in a vacuum''.<br/>   Thank you for
      your delicious birthday greetings.  How happy<br/>they made me.  Tiny and C.
      both sent me charming cat cards.  Mother<br/>paid for my wrist-watch and father
      gave me a book -tote with  with a bird<br/>I bought Some Versions of Pastoral
      and the French scenario of the<br/>film of ORPHEE.  (I''ll bring the latter
      to Pett for you to see)<br/>   Your arguments about Auden are very interesting.  I
      am<br/>considering them very closely.  His theology is <br/> awful - that''s
      true.<br/>   Yes I think, without   realising it, your Railway picture has<br/>
      turned into my GIANTS.  How amusing: it''s Lion''s Pre-conscious at work.<br/>   We
      will visit Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity --<br/>I looks forward
      to that very much.<br/>   I hope the Savages bed was not savage:  I imagine
      you on<br/>straw in a hat.  Cat''s night-out!  You be careful, says Hetty.<br/>   Tomorrow
      I am staying at home and visiting Pasmore in<br/>the evening.<br/>   I am taking
      your advice about cinemas.  I have not even been to<br/>see Derby Day which
      is on locally.<br/>   The chemist has recommend yeast tablets & a fancy form<br/>of
      calomile to clear up a crop of vile spots on my neck, ap-<br/>parently related
      to the gland-infection.  They are driving me<br/>wild but I am NOT touching
      them.  I hope to train myself,<br/>at last, to leave my face alone.  We''ll
      see!<br/>   I have steak and onions for dinner = apples from the garden --cheese.<br/>   Dearest
      I wish you were here.<br/>   I miss you so much: let''s hope York is suitable.   I<br/>love
      you so much.<br/>        Think of me as I think of you<br/>               I
      adore you<br/>                      Lawrence'
    charcount: 2252
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/85538af4-98b3-4fec-aed6-c1e9d3706c47.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9608933
    median_ratio: 0.962963
    max_ratio: 0.9712889
    min_ratio: 0.9379747
    total_ratio: 4.8044665
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0998651
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0842391
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1662286
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0404664
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71453999
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908220
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5060412e+09
    started_on: 1.5060397e+09
    ended_on: 1.5060412e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5051365e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506367e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5060384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1473.803
    minutes_annotating: 24.5633833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "18 IX 52 Blackheath Dearest Sylvia\nThank you for the Times
      advert, I shall write off at the week-end.\n(Yes, I have heard from B'ham -
      the vacency has been filled.)\nI have just returned from town: I am taking your
      advice, returning\nhome as soon as possible after a lecture. I am rather tired:
      it is good\nto be home.\nHow wretched that your cold is so bad. Now be a good
      cat and\nget well speedily. (You know what you would say to me.)\nSo that you
      will not find your questions unanswered, I am read-\ning back through your last
      three letters - answering each point as I\ncome to it. Hence the dizzy succession
      of topics. But I know you\nprefer this to being left 'in a vacuum'.\nThank you
      for your delicious birthday greetings. How happy\nthey made me. Tiny and C.
      both sent me charming cat cards. Mother\npaid for my wrist - watch and father
      gave me a book - [unclear][/unclear] with which\nI bought some Versions of Pastoral
      and the French scenario of the\nfilm of DRPHEE. (I'll bring the latter to Pett
      for you to see).\nYour arguments about Anden are very interesting. I am\nconsidering
      them very closely. His theology is awful, thats true.\nYes I think without realizing
      it, your Railway picture has\nturned into my GIANTS. How amusing: it's Lion's
      Pre-concious at work.\nWe will visit Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity
      - \nI look forward to that very much.\nI hope the Savage's bed was not savage:
      I imagine you on\nstraw in a hat. Cat's night-out! You be careful, says Hetty.\nTomorrow
      I am staying at home and visiting Pasmore in\nthe evening.\nI am taking your
      advise about cinema's. I have not even been to\nsee Derby Day, which is on locally.\nThe
      chemist has recommeded yeast tablets & a fancy form\nof calomile to clear up
      a crop of nile spots on my neck, ap-\nparently related to the gland - infection.
      They are driving me\nwild, but I am NOT [unclear][/unclear] them. I hope to
      train myself,\nat last, to leave my face alone. We'll see!\nI have steak and
      onions for dinner: apples from the garden - cheese.\nDearest I wish you were
      here.\nI miss you so much. Let's hope York is suitable. I\nlove you so much.\nThink
      of me as I think of you\nI adore you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: '18 IX 52 Blackheath Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you for the
      Times advert, I shall write off at the week-end.<br/>(Yes, I have heard from
      B''ham - the vacency has been filled.)<br/>I have just returned from town: I
      am taking your advice, returning<br/>home as soon as possible after a lecture.
      I am rather tired: it is good<br/>to be home.<br/>How wretched that your cold
      is so bad. Now be a good cat and<br/>get well speedily. (You know what you would
      say to me.)<br/>So that you will not find your questions unanswered, I am read-<br/>ing
      back through your last three letters - answering each point as I<br/>come to
      it. Hence the dizzy succession of topics. But I know you<br/>prefer this to
      being left ''in a vacuum''.<br/>Thank you for your delicious birthday greetings.
      How happy<br/>they made me. Tiny and C. both sent me charming cat cards. Mother<br/>paid
      for my wrist - watch and father gave me a book -  with which<br/>I bought some
      Versions of Pastoral and the French scenario of the<br/>film of DRPHEE. (I''ll
      bring the latter to Pett for you to see).<br/>Your arguments about Anden are
      very interesting. I am<br/>considering them very closely. His theology is awful,
      thats true.<br/>Yes I think without realizing it, your Railway picture has<br/>turned
      into my GIANTS. How amusing: it''s Lion''s Pre-concious at work.<br/>We will
      visit Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity - <br/>I look forward to
      that very much.<br/>I hope the Savage''s bed was not savage: I imagine you on<br/>straw
      in a hat. Cat''s night-out! You be careful, says Hetty.<br/>Tomorrow I am staying
      at home and visiting Pasmore in<br/>the evening.<br/>I am taking your advise
      about cinema''s. I have not even been to<br/>see Derby Day, which is on locally.<br/>The
      chemist has recommeded yeast tablets & a fancy form<br/>of calomile to clear
      up a crop of nile spots on my neck, ap-<br/>parently related to the gland -
      infection. They are driving me<br/>wild, but I am NOT  them. I hope to train
      myself,<br/>at last, to leave my face alone. We''ll see!<br/>I have steak and
      onions for dinner: apples from the garden - cheese.<br/>Dearest I wish you were
      here.<br/>I miss you so much. Let''s hope York is suitable. I<br/>love you so
      much.<br/>Think of me as I think of you<br/>I adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2116
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/85538af4-98b3-4fec-aed6-c1e9d3706c47.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9545728
    median_ratio: 0.9607843
    max_ratio: 0.9635127
    min_ratio: 0.9316456
    total_ratio: 4.7728638
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0998651
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0842391
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1662286
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0404664
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71765972
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908220
    user_name: racjohn
    created_at: 1.506367e+09
    started_on: 1.5063657e+09
    ended_on: 1.506367e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5051365e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506367e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5062976e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1357.697
    minutes_annotating: 22.6282833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      18 1x 52
      Dearest Sylvia
      Thank you for the Times advert, I shall write off at the weekend. (Yes, I have heard from [unclear]B'ham[/unclear] - the [unclear]vacancy[/unclear] has been filled.)
      I have just returned from town: I am taking your advice, returning home as soon as possible after a lecture. I am rather tired: it is good to be home.
      How [unclear]wretched[/unclear] that your cold is so bad. Now be a good cat and get well speedily. (You know what you would say to me.)
      So that you will not find your questions unanswered I am reading back through your last three letters - answering each point as I come to it. Hence the dizzy succession of topics. But I know you prefer this to being 'left in a vacuum'.
      Thank you for your delicious birthday greetings. How happy they made me. [unclear]Tiny [/unclear]and C both sent me charming cat cards. Mother paid for my wrist-watch and father gave me a book-token with which I bought Some Versions of Pastoral and the French scenario of the film of Orphée. (I'll bring the latter to [unclear]Pett [/unclear]for you to see)
      Your arguments about Auden are very interesting. I am considering them very closely. His theology is awful - that's true.
      Yes, I think, without realising it, your Railway picture has turned into my GIANTS. How amusing: it's [unclear]lion's [/unclear]pre-conscious at work.
      We will visit Dreamboat together at the earliest opportunity - I look forward to that very much.
      I hope the savage's [unclear]bed[/unclear] was not savage: I imagine you on straw in a [unclear]hat[/unclear]. Cat's night out! You be careful, says [unclear]Hetty[/unclear].
      Tomorrow I am staying at home and visiting Pasmore in the evening.
      I am taking your advice about cinemas. I have not even been to see Derby Day which is on locally.
      The chemist has recommended yeast tablets, and a fancy form of calomine to clear up a crop of vile spots on my neck, apparently related to the gland infection. They are driving me wild but I am NOT touching them. I hope to train myself, at last, to leave my face alone. We'll see!
      I have steak and onions for dinner: apples from the garden - cheese.
      Dearest I wish you were here.
      I miss you so much. Let's hope York is suitable. I love you so much.
      Think of me as I think of you.
      adore you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 9
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>18 1x 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you
      for the Times advert, I shall write off at the weekend. (Yes, I have heard from
      B''ham - the vacancy has been filled.)<br/>I have just returned from town: I
      am taking your advice, returning home as soon as possible after a lecture. I
      am rather tired: it is good to be home.<br/>How wretched that your cold is so
      bad. Now be a good cat and get well speedily. (You know what you would say to
      me.)<br/>So that you will not find your questions unanswered I am reading back
      through your last three letters - answering each point as I come to it. Hence
      the dizzy succession of topics. But I know you prefer this to being ''left in
      a vacuum''.<br/>Thank you for your delicious birthday greetings. How happy they
      made me. Tiny and C both sent me charming cat cards. Mother paid for my wrist-watch
      and father gave me a book-token with which I bought Some Versions of Pastoral
      and the French scenario of the film of Orph''ee. (I''ll bring the latter to
      Pett for you to see)<br/>Your arguments about Auden are very interesting. I
      am considering them very closely. His theology is awful - that''s true.<br/>Yes,
      I think, without realising it, your Railway picture has turned into my GIANTS.
      How amusing: it''s lion''s pre-conscious at work.<br/>We will visit Dreamboat
      together at the earliest opportunity - I look forward to that very much.<br/>I
      hope the savage''s bed was not savage: I imagine you on straw in a hat. Cat''s
      night out! You be careful, says Hetty.<br/>Tomorrow I am staying at home and
      visiting Pasmore in the evening.<br/>I am taking your advice about cinemas.
      I have not even been to see Derby Day which is on locally.<br/>The chemist has
      recommended yeast tablets, and a fancy form of calomine to clear up a crop of
      vile spots on my neck, apparently related to the gland infection. They are driving
      me wild but I am NOT touching them. I hope to train myself, at last, to leave
      my face alone. We''ll see!<br/>I have steak and onions for dinner: apples from
      the garden - cheese.<br/>Dearest I wish you were here.<br/>I miss you so much.
      Let''s hope York is suitable. I love you so much.<br/>Think of me as I think
      of you.<br/>adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2120
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/85538af4-98b3-4fec-aed6-c1e9d3706c47.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.968326
    median_ratio: 0.9700672
    max_ratio: 0.9810049
    min_ratio: 0.9443038
    total_ratio: 4.8416298
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0998651
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0842391
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1662286
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0404664
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_027.jpg

---
