---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_056
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 68832102
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908043
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5042317e+09
    started_on: 1.504231e+09
    ended_on: 1.5042317e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9000.87.2) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/56.0.2924.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_056.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5042552e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5059331e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.504224e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 638.0900002
    minutes_annotating: 10.6348333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9000.87.2) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/56.0.2924.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '56'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9000'
    os.minor: '87'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2924'
    os.patch: '2'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n27 ii 1952\nDearest Sylvia,\nThank you for your
      regular and delightful letters.  How I\ndo love to receive them:  I read and
      re-read them.  What good\nnews that your cold is quite better:  be sure to look
      after your-\nself for the weather is a bit uneven at present.  Sometimes it
      \nis fine, sometimes, like this morning, you cona't see out of the\nwindow for
      fog.\nI have heard from two publishers, Hart Davis and Lehmann:  in\nboth cases
      it is negative.  They were nice letters but at pre-\nsent there is nothing doing.
      \ At the moment I am just writing\nletters about ATHENE, I haven't seen anyone
      yet.  I am sorry\nnot to have reported the ICA occasion toyou.  Not much\nseemed
      to happen about a projected film to make ourselves but\nthe talk itself, about
      Television and Art Programmes was very\ninteresting.  The general feeling, shared
      by the speaker really,\nwas that art could be used to make a good TV show but
      that TV\ncould not present aesthetically works of art.  AT least it has\nnot
      done so et.\nI am trying to contact Paul.  Yesterday I called at his\nflat.
      \ I have rung the Irwing Theatre Club more than once.\nI'll get him soon and
      I'll let you know as soon as I do.\nDarling I do not think I can really tell
      you when you can\ngo to the Greenwoods.  It depends on my cheques and they still\n(Wednesday)
      have not come.  I will let you know instantly they\ncomes.\nI have no quite
      complete poems yet but I go half-way to meet\nyour welcome command for a poem
      by some fragments:\nThe plaza's in the water, one of these places\nLost by land
      to the herring-bone sea\nVoices music on nights still are heard\nAlight in the
      water the Plaza sways\nSiren of the liquid in.\nIn coats of the night, clots\nOn
      the season's web, delaed\nBy silver of the sticky clime, stars\nThe above is
      a cinematic infracted in a river (at Bedford) Below a descriptive\nof the sky:\nCables
      scaffolds Hs Ys\nFleche tips wings the soft ends of the hearth\nWhite liars
      on blue ladders grids\nTo martyr silence with ringing camphor\nForeign trapeze
      to miss the white dimple\nOf the moon in the warehouse lunette\nIn a bathroom:\nThe
      armistice of squares\nIntact until the white skein\nSpills, unturked I am left:\nWater
      gurgles remotely as if drowned.\nThe conclusions of the scientific lions will
      be published by\nthe Lion Institute in due course...\nDearest Sylvia, I love
      you, I adore you\nLawrence\nP.S. '1851'\nat Banstead tonight.  Yawalla is coming
      to see the slide\nof the penknife with 80 blades, Lion in love is included\nalso."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>27 ii 1952<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank
      you for your regular and delightful letters.  How I<br/>do love to receive them:  I
      read and re-read them.  What good<br/>news that your cold is quite better:  be
      sure to look after your-<br/>self for the weather is a bit uneven at present.  Sometimes
      it <br/>is fine, sometimes, like this morning, you cona''t see out of the<br/>window
      for fog.<br/>I have heard from two publishers, Hart Davis and Lehmann:  in<br/>both
      cases it is negative.  They were nice letters but at pre-<br/>sent there is
      nothing doing.  At the moment I am just writing<br/>letters about ATHENE, I
      haven''t seen anyone yet.  I am sorry<br/>not to have reported the ICA occasion
      toyou.  Not much<br/>seemed to happen about a projected film to make ourselves
      but<br/>the talk itself, about Television and Art Programmes was very<br/>interesting.  The
      general feeling, shared by the speaker really,<br/>was that art could be used
      to make a good TV show but that TV<br/>could not present aesthetically works
      of art.  AT least it has<br/>not done so et.<br/>I am trying to contact Paul.  Yesterday
      I called at his<br/>flat.  I have rung the Irwing Theatre Club more than once.<br/>I''ll
      get him soon and I''ll let you know as soon as I do.<br/>Darling I do not think
      I can really tell you when you can<br/>go to the Greenwoods.  It depends on
      my cheques and they still<br/>(Wednesday) have not come.  I will let you know
      instantly they<br/>comes.<br/>I have no quite complete poems yet but I go half-way
      to meet<br/>your welcome command for a poem by some fragments:<br/>The plaza''s
      in the water, one of these places<br/>Lost by land to the herring-bone sea<br/>Voices
      music on nights still are heard<br/>Alight in the water the Plaza sways<br/>Siren
      of the liquid in.<br/>In coats of the night, clots<br/>On the season''s web,
      delaed<br/>By silver of the sticky clime, stars<br/>The above is a cinematic
      infracted in a river (at Bedford) Below a descriptive<br/>of the sky:<br/>Cables
      scaffolds Hs Ys<br/>Fleche tips wings the soft ends of the hearth<br/>White
      liars on blue ladders grids<br/>To martyr silence with ringing camphor<br/>Foreign
      trapeze to miss the white dimple<br/>Of the moon in the warehouse lunette<br/>In
      a bathroom:<br/>The armistice of squares<br/>Intact until the white skein<br/>Spills,
      unturked I am left:<br/>Water gurgles remotely as if drowned.<br/>The conclusions
      of the scientific lions will be published by<br/>the Lion Institute in due course...<br/>Dearest
      Sylvia, I love you, I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/>P.S. ''1851''<br/>at Banstead
      tonight.  Yawalla is coming to see the slide<br/>of the penknife with 80 blades,
      Lion in love is included<br/>also.'
    charcount: 2476
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/763abaec-43fb-4592-9b6f-22371144b298.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9707462
    median_ratio: 0.9753213
    max_ratio: 0.9786301
    min_ratio: 0.9512953
    total_ratio: 4.8537312
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0759098
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0787208
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1253767
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0222359
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70271533
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908043
    user_name: evanstonsherry
    created_at: 1.5053387e+09
    started_on: 1.5053373e+09
    ended_on: 1.5053387e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_056.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5042552e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5059331e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5052608e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1326.9610002
    minutes_annotating: 22.1160167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n27  11  1952\nDearest Sylvia,\nThank you for your
      regular and delightful letters.  How I\ndo love to receive them!  I read and
      re-read them.  What good\nnews that your cold is quite better:  be sure to look
      after your-\nself for the weather is a bit uneven at present.  Sometimes it\nis
      fine, sometimes, like this morning, you can't see out of the\nwindow for fog.\nI
      have heard from two publishers, Hart Davis and Lehmann: in\nboth cases it is
      negative.  They were nice letters but at pre-\nsent there is nothing doing.
      \ At the moment I am just writing\nletters about ATHENE, I haven't seen anyone
      yet. I am sorry\nnot to have reported the I.C.A. occasion to you.  Not much\nseemed
      to happen about a projected film to make ourselves but\nthe talk itself, about
      Television and Art Programmes was very\ninteresting.  The general feeling, shaped
      by the speaker really,\nwas that art could be used to make a good TV show but
      that TV\ncould not present asthetically works of art.  At least it has\nnot
      done so yet.\nI am trying to contact Paul.  Yesterday I called at his\nflat.
      \ I have rung the Irving Theatre Club more than once.\nI'll get him soon and
      I'll let you know as soon as I do.\nDarling I do not think I can really tell
      you when you can\ngo to the Greenwoods.  it dependes on my cheques and they
      still\n(Wednesday) have not come.  I will let you know instantly they come.\nI
      have no quite complete poems yet but I go hafl-way to meet\nyour welcome command
      for a poem by some fragments:\n\nThe plaza's in the water, one those places\nLost
      by land to the herring-bone sea\nVoices music on nights still are heard\nAlight
      in the water the Plaza sways\nSiren of the liquid in.\n\nIn coats of the night,
      clots\nOn the season's web, delayed\nBy silver of the sticky clime, stars\n\nThe
      above is a sinous[unclear][/unclear] in a river (at Bedford).  Where descriptions
      of the sky:\n\nCables scaffold Hs Ys[unclear][/unclear]\nFlecks tips wings the
      soft ends of the hearth\nWhite liars on blue ladders grids\nTo martyr silence
      with ringing camphor\nForeign trapeze to miss the white dimple\nOf the moon
      in the warehouse lunette.\n\nIn a ballroom:\nThe armistices of squares\nIntact
      until the white skein\nSpills, unturked I am left:\nWater gurgles remotely as
      if drowned.\n\nThe conclusions of the scientific lions will be published by
      \nthe Lion  Institute in due course...\nDearest Sylvia, I love you, adore you\nLawrence\n\nP.S.
      \"1851\" at Barnstead tonight.  Yowalla is caring[unclear][/unclear] to see
      the slide\nof the penknife with 80 blades.  Lion Is Love is included\nalso.\nI
      love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 3
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>27  11  1952<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank
      you for your regular and delightful letters.  How I<br/>do love to receive them!  I
      read and re-read them.  What good<br/>news that your cold is quite better:  be
      sure to look after your-<br/>self for the weather is a bit uneven at present.  Sometimes
      it<br/>is fine, sometimes, like this morning, you can''t see out of the<br/>window
      for fog.<br/>I have heard from two publishers, Hart Davis and Lehmann: in<br/>both
      cases it is negative.  They were nice letters but at pre-<br/>sent there is
      nothing doing.  At the moment I am just writing<br/>letters about ATHENE, I
      haven''t seen anyone yet. I am sorry<br/>not to have reported the I.C.A. occasion
      to you.  Not much<br/>seemed to happen about a projected film to make ourselves
      but<br/>the talk itself, about Television and Art Programmes was very<br/>interesting.  The
      general feeling, shaped by the speaker really,<br/>was that art could be used
      to make a good TV show but that TV<br/>could not present asthetically works
      of art.  At least it has<br/>not done so yet.<br/>I am trying to contact Paul.  Yesterday
      I called at his<br/>flat.  I have rung the Irving Theatre Club more than once.<br/>I''ll
      get him soon and I''ll let you know as soon as I do.<br/>Darling I do not think
      I can really tell you when you can<br/>go to the Greenwoods.  it dependes on
      my cheques and they still<br/>(Wednesday) have not come.  I will let you know
      instantly they come.<br/>I have no quite complete poems yet but I go hafl-way
      to meet<br/>your welcome command for a poem by some fragments:<br/><br/>The
      plaza''s in the water, one those places<br/>Lost by land to the herring-bone
      sea<br/>Voices music on nights still are heard<br/>Alight in the water the Plaza
      sways<br/>Siren of the liquid in.<br/><br/>In coats of the night, clots<br/>On
      the season''s web, delayed<br/>By silver of the sticky clime, stars<br/><br/>The
      above is a sinous in a river (at Bedford).  Where descriptions of the sky:<br/><br/>Cables
      scaffold Hs Ys<br/>Flecks tips wings the soft ends of the hearth<br/>White liars
      on blue ladders grids<br/>To martyr silence with ringing camphor<br/>Foreign
      trapeze to miss the white dimple<br/>Of the moon in the warehouse lunette.<br/><br/>In
      a ballroom:<br/>The armistices of squares<br/>Intact until the white skein<br/>Spills,
      unturked I am left:<br/>Water gurgles remotely as if drowned.<br/><br/>The conclusions
      of the scientific lions will be published by <br/>the Lion  Institute in due
      course...<br/>Dearest Sylvia, I love you, adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>P.S.
      "1851" at Barnstead tonight.  Yowalla is caring to see the slide<br/>of the
      penknife with 80 blades.  Lion Is Love is included<br/>also.<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2494
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/763abaec-43fb-4592-9b6f-22371144b298.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9564227
    median_ratio: 0.959383
    max_ratio: 0.9621918
    min_ratio: 0.9460581
    total_ratio: 4.7821137
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0759098
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0787208
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1253767
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0222359
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70750001
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908043
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.505535e+09
    started_on: 1.5055328e+09
    ended_on: 1.505535e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_056.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5042552e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5059331e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.50552e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2119.358
    minutes_annotating: 35.3226333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "27-11-1952 Blackheath Dearest Sylvia,\nThank you for your regular
      and delightful letters. How I\ndo love to receive them: I read and re-read them.
      What good\nnews that your cold is quite better: be sure to look after your-\nself
      for the weather is a bit uneven at present. Sometimes it\nis fine, sometimes,
      like this morning, you can't see out of the\nwindow for fog.\n\nI have heard
      from two publishers. Hart Davis and Lehmann: in\nboth cases it is negative.
      They were nice letters but at pre-\nsent there is nothing doing. At the moment
      I am just writing\nletters about ATHENE, I haven't seen anyone yet. I am sorry\nnot
      to have reported the I.C.A. occasion to you. Not much\nseemed to happen about
      a projected film to make ourselves but\nthe talk itself, about Television and
      Art Programmes was very\ninteresting. The general feeling, shared by the speaker
      really,\nwas that art could be used to make a good TV show but that TV\ncould
      not present asthetically works of art. At least it has\nnot done so yet.\n\nI
      am trying to contact Paul. Yesterday I called at his\nflat. I have rung the
      Irving Theatre Club more than once.\nI'll get him soon and I'll let you know
      as soon as I do.\n\nDarling I do not think I can really tell you when you can\ngo
      to the Greenwoods. It depends on my cheque and they still\n(Wednesday) have
      not come. I will let you know the instantly they come.\n\nI have no quite complete
      poems yet but I go half-way to meet\nyour welcome command for a poem by some
      fragments:\n\nThe plaza's in the water one of those places\nLost by land to
      the herring-bone sea\nVoices music on nights still are heard\nAlight in the
      water the Plaza aways\nSiren of the liquid in.\n\nIn coats of the night, clots\nOn
      the season's web, delayed\nBy silver of the sticky clime, stars\nThe above is
      a cinema reflected in a river (at Bedford). Below a description\nof the sky:\n\nCables
      scaffolds Hs Ys\nFleche tips wings the soft ends of the hearth\nWhite liars
      on blue ladders grids\nTo martyr silence with ringing camphor\nForeign trapeze
      to miss the white dimple\nOf the moon in the warehouse lunette\n\nIn a bathroom:\nThe
      armistice of squares\nIntact until the white skein\nSpills, unturked I am left:\nWater
      gurgles remotely as if drowned.\n\nThe conclusions of the scientific lions will
      be published by\nthe Lion Institute in due course...\n\nDearest Sylvia, I love
      you, I adore you\nLawrence\n\nP.S. '1851' at Banstead tonight. Yawolla is coming
      to see the slide\nof the penknife with 80 blades. Lion in Love is included \nalso.\nI
      love you Lawrence\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '27-11-1952 Blackheath Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank you for
      your regular and delightful letters. How I<br/>do love to receive them: I read
      and re-read them. What good<br/>news that your cold is quite better: be sure
      to look after your-<br/>self for the weather is a bit uneven at present. Sometimes
      it<br/>is fine, sometimes, like this morning, you can''t see out of the<br/>window
      for fog.<br/><br/>I have heard from two publishers. Hart Davis and Lehmann:
      in<br/>both cases it is negative. They were nice letters but at pre-<br/>sent
      there is nothing doing. At the moment I am just writing<br/>letters about ATHENE,
      I haven''t seen anyone yet. I am sorry<br/>not to have reported the I.C.A. occasion
      to you. Not much<br/>seemed to happen about a projected film to make ourselves
      but<br/>the talk itself, about Television and Art Programmes was very<br/>interesting.
      The general feeling, shared by the speaker really,<br/>was that art could be
      used to make a good TV show but that TV<br/>could not present asthetically works
      of art. At least it has<br/>not done so yet.<br/><br/>I am trying to contact
      Paul. Yesterday I called at his<br/>flat. I have rung the Irving Theatre Club
      more than once.<br/>I''ll get him soon and I''ll let you know as soon as I do.<br/><br/>Darling
      I do not think I can really tell you when you can<br/>go to the Greenwoods.
      It depends on my cheque and they still<br/>(Wednesday) have not come. I will
      let you know the instantly they come.<br/><br/>I have no quite complete poems
      yet but I go half-way to meet<br/>your welcome command for a poem by some fragments:<br/><br/>The
      plaza''s in the water one of those places<br/>Lost by land to the herring-bone
      sea<br/>Voices music on nights still are heard<br/>Alight in the water the Plaza
      aways<br/>Siren of the liquid in.<br/><br/>In coats of the night, clots<br/>On
      the season''s web, delayed<br/>By silver of the sticky clime, stars<br/>The
      above is a cinema reflected in a river (at Bedford). Below a description<br/>of
      the sky:<br/><br/>Cables scaffolds Hs Ys<br/>Fleche tips wings the soft ends
      of the hearth<br/>White liars on blue ladders grids<br/>To martyr silence with
      ringing camphor<br/>Foreign trapeze to miss the white dimple<br/>Of the moon
      in the warehouse lunette<br/><br/>In a bathroom:<br/>The armistice of squares<br/>Intact
      until the white skein<br/>Spills, unturked I am left:<br/>Water gurgles remotely
      as if drowned.<br/><br/>The conclusions of the scientific lions will be published
      by<br/>the Lion Institute in due course...<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia, I love you,
      I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>P.S. ''1851'' at Banstead tonight. Yawolla
      is coming to see the slide<br/>of the penknife with 80 blades. Lion in Love
      is included <br/>also.<br/>I love you Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2494
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/763abaec-43fb-4592-9b6f-22371144b298.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9742835
    median_ratio: 0.9773779
    max_ratio: 0.9846575
    min_ratio: 0.957513
    total_ratio: 4.8714177
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0759098
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0787208
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1253767
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0222359
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70840412
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908043
    user_name: darryluk
    created_at: 1.5056476e+09
    started_on: 1.5056462e+09
    ended_on: 1.5056476e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_056.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5042552e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5059331e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5056064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1330.3369999
    minutes_annotating: 22.1722833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      27 11 1952
      Dearest Sylvia,
      Thank you for your regular and delightful letters. How I do love to receive them: I read and re-read them. What good news that your cold is quite better: be sure to look after yourself for the weather is a bit uneven at present. Sometimes it is fine, sometimes, like this morning, you can't see out of the window for fog.
      I have heard from two publishers, Hart Davis and Lehmann: in both cases it is negative. They were nice letters but at present there is nothing doing. At the moment I am just writing letters about ATHENE, I haven't seen anyone yet. I am sorry not to have reported the I.C.A. occasion to you. Not much seemed to happen about a projected film to make ourselves but the talk itself, about Television and Art Programmes was very interesting. The general feeling, shared by the speaker really, was that art could be used to make a good TV show but that TV could not present aesthetically works of art. At least it has not done yet.
      I am trying to contact Paul. Yesterday I called him at his flat. I have rung the Irving Theatre Club more than once. I'll get him soon and I'll let you know as soon as I do.
      Darling I do not think I can really tell you when you can go to the Greenwoods. It depends on my cheques and they still (Wednesday) have not come. I will let you know instantly they come.
      I have no quite complete poems yet but I go half-way to meet your welcome command for a poem by some fragments:

      The Plaza's in the water, one of those places
      Lost by land to the herring-bone sea
      Voices music on nights still are heard
      Alight in the water the Plaza sways
      Siren of the liquid in

      In coats of the night, clots
      On the season's web, delayed
      By silver of the sticky clime, stars

      The above is a cinema reflected in a river (at Bedford). below a description of the sky:

      Cables scaffolds Hs Ys
      Fleche tips wings the soft ends of the hearth
      White liars on blue ladders grids
      To martyr silence with ringing camphor
      Foreign trapeze to miss the white dimple
      Of the moon in the warehouse lunette

      In a bathroom:

      The armistice of square
      Intact until the white skein
      Spills, unturked I am left:
      Water gurgles remotely as if drowned.

      The conclusions of the scientific lions will be published by the Lion Institute in due course...
      Dearest Sylvia, I love you, I adore you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>27 11 1952<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank
      you for your regular and delightful letters. How I do love to receive them:
      I read and re-read them. What good news that your cold is quite better: be sure
      to look after yourself for the weather is a bit uneven at present. Sometimes
      it is fine, sometimes, like this morning, you can''t see out of the window for
      fog.<br/>I have heard from two publishers, Hart Davis and Lehmann: in both cases
      it is negative. They were nice letters but at present there is nothing doing.
      At the moment I am just writing letters about ATHENE, I haven''t seen anyone
      yet. I am sorry not to have reported the I.C.A. occasion to you. Not much seemed
      to happen about a projected film to make ourselves but the talk itself, about
      Television and Art Programmes was very interesting. The general feeling, shared
      by the speaker really, was that art could be used to make a good TV show but
      that TV could not present aesthetically works of art. At least it has not done
      yet.<br/>I am trying to contact Paul. Yesterday I called him at his flat. I
      have rung the Irving Theatre Club more than once. I''ll get him soon and I''ll
      let you know as soon as I do.<br/>Darling I do not think I can really tell you
      when you can go to the Greenwoods. It depends on my cheques and they still (Wednesday)
      have not come. I will let you know instantly they come.<br/>I have no quite
      complete poems yet but I go half-way to meet your welcome command for a poem
      by some fragments:<br/><br/>The Plaza''s in the water, one of those places<br/>Lost
      by land to the herring-bone sea<br/>Voices music on nights still are heard<br/>Alight
      in the water the Plaza sways<br/>Siren of the liquid in<br/><br/>In coats of
      the night, clots<br/>On the season''s web, delayed<br/>By silver of the sticky
      clime, stars<br/><br/>The above is a cinema reflected in a river (at Bedford).
      below a description of the sky:<br/><br/>Cables scaffolds Hs Ys<br/>Fleche tips
      wings the soft ends of the hearth<br/>White liars on blue ladders grids<br/>To
      martyr silence with ringing camphor<br/>Foreign trapeze to miss the white dimple<br/>Of
      the moon in the warehouse lunette<br/><br/>In a bathroom:<br/><br/>The armistice
      of square<br/>Intact until the white skein<br/>Spills, unturked I am left:<br/>Water
      gurgles remotely as if drowned.<br/><br/>The conclusions of the scientific lions
      will be published by the Lion Institute in due course...<br/>Dearest Sylvia,
      I love you, I adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2331
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/763abaec-43fb-4592-9b6f-22371144b298.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.941332
    median_ratio: 0.9454171
    max_ratio: 0.9494845
    min_ratio: 0.9279793
    total_ratio: 4.7066602
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0759098
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0787208
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1253767
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0222359
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71111210
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908043
    user_name: not-logged-in-73b279f7bb997a45c58b
    created_at: 1.5058634e+09
    started_on: 1.5058629e+09
    ended_on: 1.5058634e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:47.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/47.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_056.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5042552e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5059331e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5057792e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 507.1109998
    minutes_annotating: 8.45185
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:47.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/47.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '47'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n27 ii 1952\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you for your
      regular and delightful letters.  How I do love to receive them: I read and re-read
      them.  What good news that your cold is quite better: be sure to look after
      yourself for the weather is a bit uneven at present.  Sometimes it is fine,
      sometimes, like this morning, you can't see out of the window for fog.\n\nI
      have heard from two publishers. Hart Davis and Lehmann: in both cases it is
      negative.  They were nice letters but at present there is nothing doing.  At
      the moment I am just writing letters about ATHENE, I haven't seen anyone yet.
      \ I am sorry not to have reported the I.C.A. occasion to you.  Not much seemed
      to happen about a projected film to make ourselves but the talk itself, about
      Television and Art Programmes was very interesting.  The general feeling, shaped
      by the speaker really, was that art could be used to make a good TV show but
      that TV could not present aethetically works of art.  At least it has not done
      so yet.\n\nI am trying to contact Paul.  Yesterday I called at his flat.  I
      have rung the Irving Theatre Club more than once.  I'll get him soon and I'll
      let you know as soon as I do.\n\nDarling I do not think I can really tell you
      when you can go to the Greenwoods.  It depends on my cheques and they still
      (Wednesday) have not come.  I will let you know instantly they come. \n\nI have
      no quite complete poems yet but I go half-way to meet your welcome command for
      a poem by some fragments:\n\nThe plaza's in the water, one of those places\nLost
      by land to the herring-bone sea\nVoices music on nights still are heard\nAlight
      in the water the Plaza sways\nSiren of the liquid in,\n\nIn coats of the night,
      clots\nOn the season's web, delayed\nBy silver of the sticky clime, stars\nThe
      above is a cinema reflected in a river (at Bedford). Below a description of
      the sky:\nCables scaffolds Hs Ys\nFleche tips wings the soft ends of the hearth\nWhite
      liars on blue ladders grids\nTo martyr silence with ringing camphor\nForeign
      trapeze to miss the white dimple\nOf the moon in the warehouse lunette\n\nIn
      a bathroom:\nThe armistice of squares\nIntact until the white skein\nSpills,
      unturked I am left:\nWater gurgles remotely as if drowned.\n\nThe conclusions
      of the scientific lions will be published by the Lion Institute in due course...\n\nDearest
      Sylvia, I love you, I adore you, Lawrence\n\nP.S. '1851' at Banstead tonight.
      \ Towalla is coming to see the slide of the penknife with 80 blades.  Lion in
      Love is included also.\nI love you, Lawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>27 ii 1952<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you for your regular and delightful letters.  How I do love to receive them:
      I read and re-read them.  What good news that your cold is quite better: be
      sure to look after yourself for the weather is a bit uneven at present.  Sometimes
      it is fine, sometimes, like this morning, you can''t see out of the window for
      fog.<br/><br/>I have heard from two publishers. Hart Davis and Lehmann: in both
      cases it is negative.  They were nice letters but at present there is nothing
      doing.  At the moment I am just writing letters about ATHENE, I haven''t seen
      anyone yet.  I am sorry not to have reported the I.C.A. occasion to you.  Not
      much seemed to happen about a projected film to make ourselves but the talk
      itself, about Television and Art Programmes was very interesting.  The general
      feeling, shaped by the speaker really, was that art could be used to make a
      good TV show but that TV could not present aethetically works of art.  At least
      it has not done so yet.<br/><br/>I am trying to contact Paul.  Yesterday I called
      at his flat.  I have rung the Irving Theatre Club more than once.  I''ll get
      him soon and I''ll let you know as soon as I do.<br/><br/>Darling I do not think
      I can really tell you when you can go to the Greenwoods.  It depends on my cheques
      and they still (Wednesday) have not come.  I will let you know instantly they
      come. <br/><br/>I have no quite complete poems yet but I go half-way to meet
      your welcome command for a poem by some fragments:<br/><br/>The plaza''s in
      the water, one of those places<br/>Lost by land to the herring-bone sea<br/>Voices
      music on nights still are heard<br/>Alight in the water the Plaza sways<br/>Siren
      of the liquid in,<br/><br/>In coats of the night, clots<br/>On the season''s
      web, delayed<br/>By silver of the sticky clime, stars<br/>The above is a cinema
      reflected in a river (at Bedford). Below a description of the sky:<br/>Cables
      scaffolds Hs Ys<br/>Fleche tips wings the soft ends of the hearth<br/>White
      liars on blue ladders grids<br/>To martyr silence with ringing camphor<br/>Foreign
      trapeze to miss the white dimple<br/>Of the moon in the warehouse lunette<br/><br/>In
      a bathroom:<br/>The armistice of squares<br/>Intact until the white skein<br/>Spills,
      unturked I am left:<br/>Water gurgles remotely as if drowned.<br/><br/>The conclusions
      of the scientific lions will be published by the Lion Institute in due course...<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia, I love you, I adore you, Lawrence<br/><br/>P.S. ''1851'' at Banstead
      tonight.  Towalla is coming to see the slide of the penknife with 80 blades.  Lion
      in Love is included also.<br/>I love you, Lawrence'
    charcount: 2505
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/763abaec-43fb-4592-9b6f-22371144b298.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9806393
    median_ratio: 0.9830072
    max_ratio: 0.9892031
    min_ratio: 0.9647668
    total_ratio: 4.9031967
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0759098
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0787208
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1253767
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0222359
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71224405
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908043
    user_name: Zooniverse2017
    created_at: 1.5059331e+09
    started_on: 1.5059305e+09
    ended_on: 1.5059331e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.91 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_056.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5042552e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5059331e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5058656e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2656.8269999
    minutes_annotating: 44.28045
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.91 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n\n27 ii 1952\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you for
      your regular and delightful letters. How I\ndo love to receive them: I read
      and re-read them. What good\nnews that your cold is quite better: be sure to
      look after your-\nself for the weather is a bit uneven at present. Sometimes
      it\nis fine, sometimes, like this morning, you can't see out of the\nwindow
      for fog.\n\nI haven't heard from two publishers, Hart Davis and Lehmann: in\nboth
      cases it is negative. They were nice letters but at pre-\nsent there is nothing
      doing. At the moment I am just writing\nletters about ATHENE, I haven't seen
      anyone yet. I am sorry \nnot to have reported the I.C.A. occasion to you. Not
      much\nseemed to happen about a projected film to make ourselves but\nthe talk
      itself, about Television and Art Programmes was very\ninteresting. The general
      feeling, shaped by the speaker really,\nwas that art could be used to make a
      good TV show but that TV\ncould not present aesthetically works of art. At least
      it has\nnot done so yet.\n\nI am trying to contact Paul. Yesterday I called
      at his\nflat. I have rung the Irving Theatre Club more than once.\nI'll get
      him soon and I'll let you know as soon as I do.\n\nDarling I do not think I
      can really tell you when you can\ngo to the Greenwoods. It depends on my cheques
      and they still\n(Wednesday) have not come. I will let you know instantly they\ncome.\n\nI
      have no quite complete poems yet but I go half-way to meet\nyour welcome command
      for a poem by some fragments:\n\nThe plaza's in the water, one of the those
      places\nLost by land to the herring-bone sea\nVoices music on nights still are
      heard\nAlight in the water the Plaza sways\nSiren of the liquid in.\n\nIn coats
      of the night, clots\nOn the season's web, delayed\nBy silver of the sticky clime,
      stars\n\nThe above is a cinema reflection in a river (at Bedford), Below a description\nof
      the sky:\nCables scaffolds Hs Ys\nFleche tips wings the soft ends of the hearth\nWhite
      liars on blue ladders grids\nTo martyr silence with ringing camphor\nForeign
      trapeze to miss the white dimple\nOf the moon in the warehouse lunette\n\nIn
      a bathroom:\nThe armistice of squares\nIntact until the white skein\nSpills,
      unturked I am left:\nWater gurgles remotely as if drowned.\n\nThe conclusions
      of the scientific lions will be published by\nthe Lion Institute in due course...\n\nDear
      Sylvia, I love you, I adore you\nLawrence\n\nP.S. '1851' at Barnstead tonight.
      [unclear]Yawalla[/unclear] is coming to see the slide\nof the penknife with
      80 blades. Lion In Love is included\nalso.\n\nI love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/><br/>27 ii 1952<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you for your regular and delightful letters. How I<br/>do love to receive them:
      I read and re-read them. What good<br/>news that your cold is quite better:
      be sure to look after your-<br/>self for the weather is a bit uneven at present.
      Sometimes it<br/>is fine, sometimes, like this morning, you can''t see out of
      the<br/>window for fog.<br/><br/>I haven''t heard from two publishers, Hart
      Davis and Lehmann: in<br/>both cases it is negative. They were nice letters
      but at pre-<br/>sent there is nothing doing. At the moment I am just writing<br/>letters
      about ATHENE, I haven''t seen anyone yet. I am sorry <br/>not to have reported
      the I.C.A. occasion to you. Not much<br/>seemed to happen about a projected
      film to make ourselves but<br/>the talk itself, about Television and Art Programmes
      was very<br/>interesting. The general feeling, shaped by the speaker really,<br/>was
      that art could be used to make a good TV show but that TV<br/>could not present
      aesthetically works of art. At least it has<br/>not done so yet.<br/><br/>I
      am trying to contact Paul. Yesterday I called at his<br/>flat. I have rung the
      Irving Theatre Club more than once.<br/>I''ll get him soon and I''ll let you
      know as soon as I do.<br/><br/>Darling I do not think I can really tell you
      when you can<br/>go to the Greenwoods. It depends on my cheques and they still<br/>(Wednesday)
      have not come. I will let you know instantly they<br/>come.<br/><br/>I have
      no quite complete poems yet but I go half-way to meet<br/>your welcome command
      for a poem by some fragments:<br/><br/>The plaza''s in the water, one of the
      those places<br/>Lost by land to the herring-bone sea<br/>Voices music on nights
      still are heard<br/>Alight in the water the Plaza sways<br/>Siren of the liquid
      in.<br/><br/>In coats of the night, clots<br/>On the season''s web, delayed<br/>By
      silver of the sticky clime, stars<br/><br/>The above is a cinema reflection
      in a river (at Bedford), Below a description<br/>of the sky:<br/>Cables scaffolds
      Hs Ys<br/>Fleche tips wings the soft ends of the hearth<br/>White liars on blue
      ladders grids<br/>To martyr silence with ringing camphor<br/>Foreign trapeze
      to miss the white dimple<br/>Of the moon in the warehouse lunette<br/><br/>In
      a bathroom:<br/>The armistice of squares<br/>Intact until the white skein<br/>Spills,
      unturked I am left:<br/>Water gurgles remotely as if drowned.<br/><br/>The conclusions
      of the scientific lions will be published by<br/>the Lion Institute in due course...<br/><br/>Dear
      Sylvia, I love you, I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>P.S. ''1851'' at Barnstead
      tonight. Yawalla is coming to see the slide<br/>of the penknife with 80 blades.
      Lion In Love is included<br/>also.<br/><br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2502
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/763abaec-43fb-4592-9b6f-22371144b298.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9809328
    median_ratio: 0.9804325
    max_ratio: 0.992268
    min_ratio: 0.9663212
    total_ratio: 4.9046641
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0759098
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0787208
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1253767
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0222359
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_056.jpg

---
