---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f03_018
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 68631227
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908068
    user_name: tmeconverse
    created_at: 1.5040438e+09
    started_on: 1.5040427e+09
    ended_on: 1.5040438e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f03_018.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040438e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053475e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5039648e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1046.668
    minutes_annotating: 17.4444667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      30th March

      Dearest Sylvia,

         I hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad:  at least when you left Victoria you did not have anybody next to you and  your had a seat that you like on the bus.  Thank you so much for staying until that last bus for it did make me happy to have you with me for as much of Friday as possible.  To symbolise my sadness at being separated from you in early Spring snow has fallen in an incredible quantity.  Saturday was wretched, the landscape as cold and sterile as I felt without you.  What was the weather like at Pett?  Will the snow harm your various edible plants in the garden?  Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you suggested.

         I am glad to be able to tell you that you will not be called on to sign a guarantee for my overdraft after all.  I saw Mr. Bacon, the Manager, yesterday and he tells me that the National Provincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature of married ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court case) judges uphold any tearful lady who says she does not know what she is signing.  So it looks as though I shall have to speak to father about it.  Thank you so much fpr being willing to help me.  I do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared the responsibility, even for a short time.

         Saturday's lecture on on sculpture went very nicely.  As the weather was rotten, of course, I expected few people.  I began with three people, but the number grew until, finally I had nearly 20 people:  several joined on, then disappeared, and returned with stools.  I talked about Renoir, Maillol:  these as humanist sculptorers.  Then Dobson as an example that humanism alone is not enough necessarily.  Then Marini as a humanist plus expressionist.  Finally, Arp and Giacommetti as a-humanists.  I enjoyed it and I think it went very well.  (How well, by the way, Renoir's few sculptures function in 3 dimensions:  I am surprised how good they are spatially.  By the way, snow has entered the oof of the gallery containing Evill, Newton's pictures in the C.A.S. gallery:  what a fantastic condition for a public gallery to be in!

         I think of you in association with everything I do or think.  For example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don't think Clifford will get his for a day or two.) and I wish so much to read you articles in it.  It is a Melanie Klein number.  She is having a birthday party for psycho-analysts today.  There is an article on aesthetics, one of the 'inner world' in literature (Donne, Conrad, &c.), and another on Ibsen's Master Builder.  I feel very stimulated by these pieces indeed.  Would you were here.

         Lion has been reading Pound at breakfast.  What do you think of the (Canto [unclear]XXXIV[/unclear]):
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th March<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>   I
      hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad:  at least when you left Victoria
      you did not have anybody next to you and  your had a seat that you like on the
      bus.  Thank you so much for staying until that last bus for it did make me happy
      to have you with me for as much of Friday as possible.  To symbolise my sadness
      at being separated from you in early Spring snow has fallen in an incredible
      quantity.  Saturday was wretched, the landscape as cold and sterile as I felt
      without you.  What was the weather like at Pett?  Will the snow harm your various
      edible plants in the garden?  Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you suggested.<br/><br/>   I
      am glad to be able to tell you that you will not be called on to sign a guarantee
      for my overdraft after all.  I saw Mr. Bacon, the Manager, yesterday and he
      tells me that the National Provincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature
      of married ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court case) judges
      uphold any tearful lady who says she does not know what she is signing.  So
      it looks as though I shall have to speak to father about it.  Thank you so much
      fpr being willing to help me.  I do value your confidence, but I am happy you
      are spared the responsibility, even for a short time.<br/><br/>   Saturday''s
      lecture on on sculpture went very nicely.  As the weather was rotten, of course,
      I expected few people.  I began with three people, but the number grew until,
      finally I had nearly 20 people:  several joined on, then disappeared, and returned
      with stools.  I talked about Renoir, Maillol:  these as humanist sculptorers.  Then
      Dobson as an example that humanism alone is not enough necessarily.  Then Marini
      as a humanist plus expressionist.  Finally, Arp and Giacommetti as a-humanists.  I
      enjoyed it and I think it went very well.  (How well, by the way, Renoir''s
      few sculptures function in 3 dimensions:  I am surprised how good they are spatially.  By
      the way, snow has entered the oof of the gallery containing Evill, Newton''s
      pictures in the C.A.S. gallery:  what a fantastic condition for a public gallery
      to be in!<br/><br/>   I think of you in association with everything I do or
      think.  For example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don''t think Clifford will
      get his for a day or two.) and I wish so much to read you articles in it.  It
      is a Melanie Klein number.  She is having a birthday party for psycho-analysts
      today.  There is an article on aesthetics, one of the ''inner world'' in literature
      (Donne, Conrad, &c.), and another on Ibsen''s Master Builder.  I feel very stimulated
      by these pieces indeed.  Would you were here.<br/><br/>   Lion has been reading
      Pound at breakfast.  What do you think of the (Canto XXXIV):'
    charcount: 2720
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b2f2f7c5-1b93-404d-bf09-6060aeb476f5.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9835367
    median_ratio: 0.9836224
    max_ratio: 0.9888781
    min_ratio: 0.976912
    total_ratio: 4.9176835
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403781
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0414773
    max_dissimilarity: 0.053491
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0201381
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68977631
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908068
    user_name: Berhel
    created_at: 1.5043909e+09
    started_on: 1.504385e+09
    ended_on: 1.5043907e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Trident/7.0; Touch; .NET4.0E; .NET4.0C;
      .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; Tablet PC 2.0; McAfee;
      MASMJS; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f03_018.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040438e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053475e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5043104e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 5723.855
    minutes_annotating: 95.3975833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Trident/7.0; Touch; .NET4.0E; .NET4.0C;
      .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; Tablet PC 2.0; McAfee;
      MASMJS; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      30th March

      Dearest Sylvia,

      I hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad: at least when you left Victoria you did not have anybody next to you and you had a seat that you like on the bus.  Thank you so much for staying until that last bus for it did make me happy to have you with me for as much of Friday as possible. To symbolise my sadness at being separated from you in early Spring snow has fallen in an incredible quantity. Saturday was wretched, the landscape as cold and sterile as I felt without you. What was the weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm your various edible plants in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you suggested.

      I am glad to be able to tell you that you will not be called on to sign a guarantee for my overdraft after all. I saw Mr Bacon, the Manager, yesterday and he tells me the National Provincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature of married ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court case) judges upheld any tearful lady who says she does not know what she is signing.  So it looks as though I shall have to speak to father about it. Thank you so much for being willing to help me. I do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared the responsibility, even for a short time.

      Saturday's lecture on sculpture went very nicely. As the weather was rotten, of course, I expected few people. I began with three people, but the number grew until, finally, I had nearly 20 people: several joined on, then disappeared and returned with stools. I talked about Renoir, Maillol: these as humanist sculpturors.  Then Dobson as an example that humanism alone is not enough necessarily. Then Marini as a humanist plus an expressionist. Finally Arp, and Giacometti as a humanists. I enjoyed it, and think it went very well. (How well, by the way, Renoir's  few sculptures function  in a 3 dimensions: I am surprised how good they are spatially) By the way,  snow has entered the roof of the gallery containing Evill, Newton's pictures in the C.A.S. gallery: what a fantastic condition for a public gallery to be in!

      I think of you in association with everything I do or think. For example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don't think Clifford will get his for a day or two.) and I wish so much to read you articles in it. It is a Melanie Klien number. She is having a birthday party for psycho-analysts today. There is an article on aesthetics, one of the 'inner world' in literature (Donne, Conrad, & c.), and another on Ibsen's Master Builder. I feel very stimulated by these pieces indeed. Would you were here.

      Lion has been reading Pound at breakfast. What do you think of this (Canto XXXIV):
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th March<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I
      hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad: at least when you left Victoria
      you did not have anybody next to you and you had a seat that you like on the
      bus.  Thank you so much for staying until that last bus for it did make me happy
      to have you with me for as much of Friday as possible. To symbolise my sadness
      at being separated from you in early Spring snow has fallen in an incredible
      quantity. Saturday was wretched, the landscape as cold and sterile as I felt
      without you. What was the weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm your various
      edible plants in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you suggested.<br/><br/>I
      am glad to be able to tell you that you will not be called on to sign a guarantee
      for my overdraft after all. I saw Mr Bacon, the Manager, yesterday and he tells
      me the National Provincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature of married
      ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court case) judges upheld any
      tearful lady who says she does not know what she is signing.  So it looks as
      though I shall have to speak to father about it. Thank you so much for being
      willing to help me. I do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared
      the responsibility, even for a short time.<br/><br/>Saturday''s lecture on sculpture
      went very nicely. As the weather was rotten, of course, I expected few people.
      I began with three people, but the number grew until, finally, I had nearly
      20 people: several joined on, then disappeared and returned with stools. I talked
      about Renoir, Maillol: these as humanist sculpturors.  Then Dobson as an example
      that humanism alone is not enough necessarily. Then Marini as a humanist plus
      an expressionist. Finally Arp, and Giacometti as a humanists. I enjoyed it,
      and think it went very well. (How well, by the way, Renoir''s  few sculptures
      function  in a 3 dimensions: I am surprised how good they are spatially) By
      the way,  snow has entered the roof of the gallery containing Evill, Newton''s
      pictures in the C.A.S. gallery: what a fantastic condition for a public gallery
      to be in!<br/><br/>I think of you in association with everything I do or think.
      For example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don''t think Clifford will get his
      for a day or two.) and I wish so much to read you articles in it. It is a Melanie
      Klien number. She is having a birthday party for psycho-analysts today. There
      is an article on aesthetics, one of the ''inner world'' in literature (Donne,
      Conrad, & c.), and another on Ibsen''s Master Builder. I feel very stimulated
      by these pieces indeed. Would you were here.<br/><br/>Lion has been reading
      Pound at breakfast. What do you think of this (Canto XXXIV):'
    charcount: 2675
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b2f2f7c5-1b93-404d-bf09-6060aeb476f5.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9839297
    median_ratio: 0.9836224
    max_ratio: 0.9898453
    min_ratio: 0.977874
    total_ratio: 4.9196486
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403781
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0414773
    max_dissimilarity: 0.053491
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0201381
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68998247
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908068
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5044144e+09
    started_on: 1.504413e+09
    ended_on: 1.5044144e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f03_018.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040438e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053475e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5043968e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1369.457
    minutes_annotating: 22.8242833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      Blackheath 30th March Dearest Sylvia,
      I hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad: at least
      when you left Victoria you did not have anybody next to you and
      you had a seat that you like on the bus. Thank you so much for
      staying until that last bus, for it did make me happy to have you
      with me for as much of Friday as possible. To symolise my
      sadness at being separated from you in early Spring, snow has fal-
      len in an incredible quantity. Saturday was wretched, and land-
      scape as cold and sterile as I felt without you. What was the
      weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm your various edible
      plants in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you sug-
      gested.

      I am glad to be able to tell you that you will not be called
      on to sign a guarantee for my overdraft after all. I saw Mr
      Bacon, the Manager, yesterday and he tells me the National Pro-
      vincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature of married
      ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court case) judges
      uphold any tearful lady who says she does not know what she is
      signing. So it looks as though I shall have to speak to father
      about it. Thank you so much for being willing to help me. I
      do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared the res-
      ponsibility, even for a short time.

      Saturday's lecture on sculpture went very nicely. As the wea-
      ther was rotten, of course, I expected few people. I began with
      three people, but the number grew until, finally, I had nearly
      20 people: several joined on, then disappeared, and returned with
      stools. I talked about Renoir, Maillol: these as humanist
      sculpturers. Then Dobson as an example that humanism alone is
      not enough necessarily. Then Marini as a humanist plus expres-
      sionist. Finally Arp and Giacommetti as a-humanists. I enjoyed
      it and I think it went very well. (How well, by the way, Renoir's
      few sculptures function in 3-dimensions: I am surprised how good
      they are spatially.) By the way, snow has entered the roof of
      the gallery containing Evill, Newton's pictures in the C.A.S. gal-
      lery: what a phantastic condition for a public gallery to be in:

      I think of you in associaton with everything I do or think.
      For example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don't think Clifford
      will get is for a day or two), and I wish so much to read you
      articles in it. It is a Melanie Klien number. She is having
      a birthday party for phycho-analysts today. There is an article
      on aesthetics, one of the 'inner world' in literatures (Donne,
      Conrad, &c.), and another on Ibsen's Master Builder. I feel
      very stimulated by these pieces indeed. Would you were here.

      Lion has been reading Pound at breakfast. What do yo think
      of this (Canto XXXVI) :
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath 30th March Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I hope your journey
      back to Pett was not too bad: at least<br/>when you left Victoria you did not
      have anybody next to you and<br/>you had a seat that you like on the bus. Thank
      you so much for<br/>staying until that last bus, for it did make me happy to
      have you<br/>with me for as much of Friday as possible. To symolise my<br/>sadness
      at being separated from you in early Spring, snow has fal-<br/>len in an incredible
      quantity. Saturday was wretched, and land-<br/>scape as cold and sterile as
      I felt without you. What was the<br/>weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm
      your various edible<br/>plants in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett,
      as you sug-<br/>gested.<br/><br/>I am glad to be able to tell you that you will
      not be called<br/>on to sign a guarantee for my overdraft after all. I saw Mr<br/>Bacon,
      the Manager, yesterday and he tells me the National Pro-<br/>vincial Bank are
      reluctant to accept the signature of married<br/>ladies in these matters, as
      (in the event of a court case) judges<br/>uphold any tearful lady who says she
      does not know what she is<br/>signing. So it looks as though I shall have to
      speak to father<br/>about it. Thank you so much for being willing to help me.
      I<br/>do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared the res-<br/>ponsibility,
      even for a short time.<br/><br/>Saturday''s lecture on sculpture went very nicely.
      As the wea-<br/>ther was rotten, of course, I expected few people. I began with<br/>three
      people, but the number grew until, finally, I had nearly<br/>20 people: several
      joined on, then disappeared, and returned with<br/>stools. I talked about Renoir,
      Maillol: these as humanist<br/>sculpturers. Then Dobson as an example that humanism
      alone is<br/>not enough necessarily. Then Marini as a humanist plus expres-<br/>sionist.
      Finally Arp and Giacommetti as a-humanists. I enjoyed<br/>it and I think it
      went very well. (How well, by the way, Renoir''s<br/>few sculptures function
      in 3-dimensions: I am surprised how good<br/>they are spatially.) By the way,
      snow has entered the roof of<br/>the gallery containing Evill, Newton''s pictures
      in the C.A.S. gal-<br/>lery: what a phantastic condition for a public gallery
      to be in:<br/><br/>I think of you in associaton with everything I do or think.<br/>For
      example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don''t think Clifford<br/>will get is
      for a day or two), and I wish so much to read you<br/>articles in it. It is
      a Melanie Klien number. She is having<br/>a birthday party for phycho-analysts
      today. There is an article<br/>on aesthetics, one of the ''inner world'' in
      literatures (Donne,<br/>Conrad, &c.), and another on Ibsen''s Master Builder.
      I feel<br/>very stimulated by these pieces indeed. Would you were here.<br/><br/>Lion
      has been reading Pound at breakfast. What do yo think<br/>of this (Canto XXXVI)
      :<br/>'
    charcount: 2682
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b2f2f7c5-1b93-404d-bf09-6060aeb476f5.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9809511
    median_ratio: 0.9797688
    max_ratio: 0.9859768
    min_ratio: 0.9774688
    total_ratio: 4.9047556
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403781
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0414773
    max_dissimilarity: 0.053491
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0201381
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69673763
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908068
    user_name: Crazycatz935
    created_at: 1.5049169e+09
    started_on: 1.5049154e+09
    ended_on: 1.504917e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/52.0.2743.116 Safari/537.36 Edge/15.15063
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f03_018.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040438e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053475e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5049152e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1502.8369999
    minutes_annotating: 25.0472833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/52.0.2743.116 Safari/537.36 Edge/15.15063
    ua.family: Edge
    ua.major: '15'
    ua.minor: '15063'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |+
      Blackheath
      30th March

      Dearest Sylvia,

      I hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad: at least
      when you left Victoria you did not have anybody next to you and
      you had a seat that you like on the bus. Thank you so much for
      staying until that last bus for it did make my happy to have you with me for as much of Friday as possible. To symbolize my
      sadness at being separated from you in early Spring snow has fal-
      len in an incredible quantity. Saturday was wretched, the land-
      scape as cold and sterile as I felt without you. What was the
      weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm your various edible
      plants in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you sug-
      gested.

      I am glad to be able to tell you that you will not be called
      on to sign a guarantee for my overdraft after all. I saw Mr.
      Bacon, the Manager, yesterday and he tells me the National Pro-
      vincial bank are reluctant to accept the signature of married
      ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court case) judges
      uphold any tearful lady who says she does not know what she is
      signing. So it looks as though I shall have to speak to father
      about it. Thank you so much for being willing to help me. I
      do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared the res-
      ponsibility, even for a short time.

      Saturday's lecture on sculpture went very nicely. As the wea-
      ther was rotten, of course, I expected few people. I began with
      three people, but the number grew until, finally, I had nearly
      20 people: several joined on, the disappeared, and returned with
      stools. I talked about Renoir, Maillol: these as humanist
      sculptors. Then Dobson as an example that humanism alone is
      not enough necessarily. Then Marini as a humanist plus expres-
      sionist. Finally, Arp and Giacommetti as a-humanists. I enjoyed
      it and I think it went very well. (How well, by the way,
      Renoir's few sculptures function in 3-dimensions: I am surprised how good
      they are spatially.) By the way, snow has entered the roof of
      the gallery containing Evill, Newton's pictures in the C.A.S. gal-
      lery: what a fantastic condition for a public gallery to be in!

      I think of you in association with everything I do or think.
      For example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don't think Clifford
      will get his for a day or two.) and I wish so much to read you
      articles in it. It is a Melanie Klien number. She is having
      a birthday party for psycho-analysts today. There is an article
      on aesthetics, one of the 'inner world' in literature (Donne,
      Conrad, &c.), and another on Ibsen's Master Builder. I feel
      very stimulated by these pieces indeed. Would you were here.

      Lion has been reading Pound at breakfast. What do you think
      of this (Canto XXXVI):

    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th March<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I
      hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad: at least<br/>when you left Victoria
      you did not have anybody next to you and<br/>you had a seat that you like on
      the bus. Thank you so much for<br/>staying until that last bus for it did make
      my happy to have you with me for as much of Friday as possible. To symbolize
      my<br/>sadness at being separated from you in early Spring snow has fal-<br/>len
      in an incredible quantity. Saturday was wretched, the land-<br/>scape as cold
      and sterile as I felt without you. What was the<br/>weather like at Pett? Will
      the snow harm your various edible<br/>plants in the garden? Perhaps it is milder
      at Pett, as you sug-<br/>gested.<br/><br/>I am glad to be able to tell you that
      you will not be called<br/>on to sign a guarantee for my overdraft after all.
      I saw Mr.<br/>Bacon, the Manager, yesterday and he tells me the National Pro-<br/>vincial
      bank are reluctant to accept the signature of married<br/>ladies in these matters,
      as (in the event of a court case) judges<br/>uphold any tearful lady who says
      she does not know what she is<br/>signing. So it looks as though I shall have
      to speak to father<br/>about it. Thank you so much for being willing to help
      me. I<br/>do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared the res-<br/>ponsibility,
      even for a short time.<br/><br/>Saturday''s lecture on sculpture went very nicely.
      As the wea-<br/>ther was rotten, of course, I expected few people. I began with<br/>three
      people, but the number grew until, finally, I had nearly<br/>20 people: several
      joined on, the disappeared, and returned with<br/>stools. I talked about Renoir,
      Maillol: these as humanist<br/>sculptors. Then Dobson as an example that humanism
      alone is<br/>not enough necessarily. Then Marini as a humanist plus expres-<br/>sionist.
      Finally, Arp and Giacommetti as a-humanists. I enjoyed<br/>it and I think it
      went very well. (How well, by the way,<br/>Renoir''s few sculptures function
      in 3-dimensions: I am surprised how good<br/>they are spatially.) By the way,
      snow has entered the roof of<br/>the gallery containing Evill, Newton''s pictures
      in the C.A.S. gal-<br/>lery: what a fantastic condition for a public gallery
      to be in!<br/><br/>I think of you in association with everything I do or think.<br/>For
      example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don''t think Clifford<br/>will get his
      for a day or two.) and I wish so much to read you<br/>articles in it. It is
      a Melanie Klien number. She is having<br/>a birthday party for psycho-analysts
      today. There is an article<br/>on aesthetics, one of the ''inner world'' in
      literature (Donne,<br/>Conrad, &c.), and another on Ibsen''s Master Builder.
      I feel<br/>very stimulated by these pieces indeed. Would you were here.<br/><br/>Lion
      has been reading Pound at breakfast. What do you think<br/>of this (Canto XXXVI):<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2683
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b2f2f7c5-1b93-404d-bf09-6060aeb476f5.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.984996
    median_ratio: 0.9837009
    max_ratio: 0.9937137
    min_ratio: 0.980279
    total_ratio: 4.9249799
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403781
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0414773
    max_dissimilarity: 0.053491
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0201381
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70260507
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908068
    user_name: Paula-S
    created_at: 1.5053366e+09
    started_on: 1.505336e+09
    ended_on: 1.5053366e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f03_018.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040438e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053475e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5052608e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 646.191
    minutes_annotating: 10.76985
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n30th March\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nI hope your journey
      back to Pett was not too bad: at least when you left Victoria you did not have
      anybody next to you and you had a seat that you like on the bus. Thank you so
      much for staying until that last bus for it did make me happy to have you with
      me for as much of Friday as possible. To symbolise my sadness at being separated
      from you in early Spring snow has fallen in an incredible quantity. Saturday
      was wretched, the landscape as cold and sterile as I felt without you. What
      was the  weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm your various edible plants
      in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you suggested. \n\nI am glad
      to be able to tell you that you will not be called on to sign a guarantee for
      my overdraft after all. I saw Mr Bacon, the Manager, yesterday and he tells
      me the National Provincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature of married
      ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court case) judges uphold any
      tearful lady who says she does not know what she is signing. So it looks as
      though I shall have to speak to father about it. Thank you so much for being
      willing to help me. I do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared
      the responsibility, even for a short time. \n\nSaturday's lecture on sculpture
      went very nicely. As the weather was rotten,  of course, I expected few people.
      I began with three people, but the number grew until finally, I had nearly 20
      people: several joined on, then disappeared, and returned with stools. I talked
      about Renoir, Maillol: these as humanist sculptors. Then Dobson as an example
      that humanism alone is not enough. Then Marini as a humanist plus expressionist.
      Finally, Arp and Giacommetti as a-humanists. I enjoyed it and I think it went
      very well. (How well, by the way, Renoir's few sculptures function in 3-dimensions:
      I am surprised how good they are spatially.) By the way, snow has entered the
      roof of the gallery containing Evill, Newton's pictures in the C.A.S. gallery:
      what a fantastic condition for a public gallery to be in!\n\nI think of you
      in association with everything I do or think. For example, Father gave me the
      new IJPA (I don't think Clifford will get his for a day or two.) and I wish
      so much to read you articles in it. It is a Melanie [unclear]Klien[/unclear]
      number. She is having a birthday party for psycho-analysts today. There is an
      article on aesthetics, one of the 'inner world' in literature (Donne, Conrad,
      &c.), and another on Ibsen's Master Builder. I feel very stimulated by these
      pieces indeed. Would you were here. \n\nLion has been reading Pound at breakfast.
      What do you think of this (Canto [unclear]XXXVI[/unclear]):\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th March<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I
      hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad: at least when you left Victoria
      you did not have anybody next to you and you had a seat that you like on the
      bus. Thank you so much for staying until that last bus for it did make me happy
      to have you with me for as much of Friday as possible. To symbolise my sadness
      at being separated from you in early Spring snow has fallen in an incredible
      quantity. Saturday was wretched, the landscape as cold and sterile as I felt
      without you. What was the  weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm your various
      edible plants in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you suggested.
      <br/><br/>I am glad to be able to tell you that you will not be called on to
      sign a guarantee for my overdraft after all. I saw Mr Bacon, the Manager, yesterday
      and he tells me the National Provincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature
      of married ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court case) judges
      uphold any tearful lady who says she does not know what she is signing. So it
      looks as though I shall have to speak to father about it. Thank you so much
      for being willing to help me. I do value your confidence, but I am happy you
      are spared the responsibility, even for a short time. <br/><br/>Saturday''s
      lecture on sculpture went very nicely. As the weather was rotten,  of course,
      I expected few people. I began with three people, but the number grew until
      finally, I had nearly 20 people: several joined on, then disappeared, and returned
      with stools. I talked about Renoir, Maillol: these as humanist sculptors. Then
      Dobson as an example that humanism alone is not enough. Then Marini as a humanist
      plus expressionist. Finally, Arp and Giacommetti as a-humanists. I enjoyed it
      and I think it went very well. (How well, by the way, Renoir''s few sculptures
      function in 3-dimensions: I am surprised how good they are spatially.) By the
      way, snow has entered the roof of the gallery containing Evill, Newton''s pictures
      in the C.A.S. gallery: what a fantastic condition for a public gallery to be
      in!<br/><br/>I think of you in association with everything I do or think. For
      example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don''t think Clifford will get his for
      a day or two.) and I wish so much to read you articles in it. It is a Melanie
      Klien number. She is having a birthday party for psycho-analysts today. There
      is an article on aesthetics, one of the ''inner world'' in literature (Donne,
      Conrad, &c.), and another on Ibsen''s Master Builder. I feel very stimulated
      by these pieces indeed. Would you were here. <br/><br/>Lion has been reading
      Pound at breakfast. What do you think of this (Canto XXXVI):<br/>'
    charcount: 2658
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b2f2f7c5-1b93-404d-bf09-6060aeb476f5.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9837513
    median_ratio: 0.9832215
    max_ratio: 0.9894129
    min_ratio: 0.979798
    total_ratio: 4.9187567
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403781
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0414773
    max_dissimilarity: 0.053491
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0201381
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70297731
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908068
    user_name: k8mielke
    created_at: 1.5053475e+09
    started_on: 1.5053465e+09
    ended_on: 1.5053475e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f03_018.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040438e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5053475e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5053472e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 929.865
    minutes_annotating: 15.49775
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n30th March\n\nDearest Sylvia, \n\nI hope your journey
      back to Pett was not too bad: at least when you left Victoria you did not have
      anybody next to you and you had a seat that you like on the bus. Thank you so
      much for staying until that last bus for it did make me happy to have you with
      me for as much of Friday as possible. To symbolise my sadness at being separated
      from you  in early Spring snow has fallen in an incredible quantity. Saturday
      was wretched, the landscape as cold and sterile as I felt without you. What
      was the weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm your various edible plants
      in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you suggested. \n\nI am glad
      to be able to tell you that you will not be called on to sign a guarantee for
      my overdraft after all. I saw Mr Bacon, the manager, yesterday and he tells
      me the National Provincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature of married
      ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court date) judges uphold any
      tearful lady who says she does not know what she is signing. So it looks as
      though I shall have to speak to father about it. Thank you for much for being
      willing to help me. I do value your confidence, but I am happy you are spared
      the responsibility, even for a short time. \n\nSaturday's lecture on sculpture
      went very nicely. As the weather was rotten, of course, I expected few people.
      I began with three people, but the number grew until, finally, I had nearly
      20 people: several joined on , then disappeared, and returned with stools. I
      talked about Renoir, Maillol: these as humanist sculptures. Then Dobson as an
      example that humanism alone is not enough necessarily. Then Marini as a humanist
      plus expressionist. Finally, Arp and Giacometti as a-humanists. I enjoyed it
      and I think it went very well. (How well, but the way, Renoir's few sculptures
      function in 3-dimensions: I am surprised how good they are spatially.) By the
      way, snow has entered the roof of the gallery containing Evill, Newton's pictures
      in the C.A.S. gallery: what a phantastic condition for a public gallery to be
      in! \n\nI think of you in association with everything I do or think. For example,
      Father gave me the new IJPA (I don't think Clifford will get his for a day or
      two.) and I wish to read you articles in it. It is a Melanie Klein number. She
      is having a birthday party for psycho-analysts today. There is an article on
      aesthetics, one of the 'inner world' in literature (Donne, Conrad, &c.), and
      another on Ibsen's Master Builder. I feel very stimulated by these pieces indeed.
      Would you were here. \n\nLion has been reading Pound at Breakfast. What do you
      think of this (Canto XXXIV):"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30th March<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia, <br/><br/>I
      hope your journey back to Pett was not too bad: at least when you left Victoria
      you did not have anybody next to you and you had a seat that you like on the
      bus. Thank you so much for staying until that last bus for it did make me happy
      to have you with me for as much of Friday as possible. To symbolise my sadness
      at being separated from you  in early Spring snow has fallen in an incredible
      quantity. Saturday was wretched, the landscape as cold and sterile as I felt
      without you. What was the weather like at Pett? Will the snow harm your various
      edible plants in the garden? Perhaps it is milder at Pett, as you suggested.
      <br/><br/>I am glad to be able to tell you that you will not be called on to
      sign a guarantee for my overdraft after all. I saw Mr Bacon, the manager, yesterday
      and he tells me the National Provincial Bank are reluctant to accept the signature
      of married ladies in these matters, as (in the event of a court date) judges
      uphold any tearful lady who says she does not know what she is signing. So it
      looks as though I shall have to speak to father about it. Thank you for much
      for being willing to help me. I do value your confidence, but I am happy you
      are spared the responsibility, even for a short time. <br/><br/>Saturday''s
      lecture on sculpture went very nicely. As the weather was rotten, of course,
      I expected few people. I began with three people, but the number grew until,
      finally, I had nearly 20 people: several joined on , then disappeared, and returned
      with stools. I talked about Renoir, Maillol: these as humanist sculptures. Then
      Dobson as an example that humanism alone is not enough necessarily. Then Marini
      as a humanist plus expressionist. Finally, Arp and Giacometti as a-humanists.
      I enjoyed it and I think it went very well. (How well, but the way, Renoir''s
      few sculptures function in 3-dimensions: I am surprised how good they are spatially.)
      By the way, snow has entered the roof of the gallery containing Evill, Newton''s
      pictures in the C.A.S. gallery: what a phantastic condition for a public gallery
      to be in! <br/><br/>I think of you in association with everything I do or think.
      For example, Father gave me the new IJPA (I don''t think Clifford will get his
      for a day or two.) and I wish to read you articles in it. It is a Melanie Klein
      number. She is having a birthday party for psycho-analysts today. There is an
      article on aesthetics, one of the ''inner world'' in literature (Donne, Conrad,
      &c.), and another on Ibsen''s Master Builder. I feel very stimulated by these
      pieces indeed. Would you were here. <br/><br/>Lion has been reading Pound at
      Breakfast. What do you think of this (Canto XXXIV):'
    charcount: 2667
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b2f2f7c5-1b93-404d-bf09-6060aeb476f5.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9801821
    median_ratio: 0.9803452
    max_ratio: 0.983559
    min_ratio: 0.97595
    total_ratio: 4.9009104
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0403781
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0414773
    max_dissimilarity: 0.053491
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0201381
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f03_018.jpg

---
