---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65515977
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284913
    user_name: not-logged-in-518ffb363660f76aa6ca
    created_at: 1.5017106e+09
    started_on: 1.5017073e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017106e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (iPad; CPU OS 9_3_5 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/601.1.46
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/9.0 Mobile/13G36 Safari/601.1
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017106e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5018703e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 3305.3599999
    minutes_annotating: 55.0893333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (iPad; CPU OS 9_3_5 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/601.1.46
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/9.0 Mobile/13G36 Safari/601.1
    ua.family: Mobile Safari
    ua.major: '9'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: iOS
    os.major: '9'
    os.minor: '3'
    device.family: iPad
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: Apple
    device.model: iPad
    annotation_text: "Wednesday\nDearest Sylvia,\n    How nice it was this morning
      to have a letter from you.\nI long to meet you on  Saturday and shall be at
      the station -\nheavily be-ringed - to meet @ 12:58.\n    Your evening lecture
      seems to have been a rare success - an\nextra guinea, and those charming words
      of praise overheard as\nyou left. Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations. I
      am\nsorry the other clans[unclear][/unclear] are aggressive about modern pictures\nand
      poetry - but I am sure you can cope with them (I remember the\nHenry Moore/Shakespeare
      incident that Tiny quoted) though, of\ncourse, it is a useless strain.\n     I
      am writing in Shepherd's  Bush library - where the exhibit-\nition is being
      held. The staff of the library reveal an extra-ord-\ninary pattern of malice
      and jealousy and cross currents of egotism\nand stupidity that is almost unbelievable
      disturbed. I was\nintroduced to it on my first morning here, everybody complain-\ning
      about everybody else.\n     I saw John Shipp yesterday and he admired my ring
      very\nmuch - as did John McHale. Yes, he sent the testimonial in\nthe end, he
      was away with influenza when my letter reached\nthe office.\n     I am much
      too busy possibly to see the clock at present - I\njust cannot afford the time.
      I thought, in any case, M's brisk\nyet distracted air, when he and I did meet
      not in the least charming.\n     The AIA committee is not yet decided - more
      people \nwere proposed than there is room for and so there is to \nbe  a ballot.
      Perhaps I shall survive it - I hope so.\nI have not survived as far as the Ken
      Wood job goes - I heard unofficially that the short list people have already
      \nbeen interviewed.\n\n \n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: Wednesday<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>    How nice it was this
      morning to have a letter from you.<br/>I long to meet you on  Saturday and shall
      be at the station -<br/>heavily be-ringed - to meet @ 12:58.<br/>    Your evening
      lecture seems to have been a rare success - an<br/>extra guinea, and those charming
      words of praise overheard as<br/>you left. Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations.
      I am<br/>sorry the other clans are aggressive about modern pictures<br/>and
      poetry - but I am sure you can cope with them (I remember the<br/>Henry Moore/Shakespeare
      incident that Tiny quoted) though, of<br/>course, it is a useless strain.<br/>     I
      am writing in Shepherd's  Bush library - where the exhibit-<br/>ition is being
      held. The staff of the library reveal an extra-ord-<br/>inary pattern of malice
      and jealousy and cross currents of egotism<br/>and stupidity that is almost
      unbelievable disturbed. I was<br/>introduced to it on my first morning here,
      everybody complain-<br/>ing about everybody else.<br/>     I saw John Shipp
      yesterday and he admired my ring very<br/>much - as did John McHale. Yes, he
      sent the testimonial in<br/>the end, he was away with influenza when my letter
      reached<br/>the office.<br/>     I am much too busy possibly to see the clock
      at present - I<br/>just cannot afford the time. I thought, in any case, M's
      brisk<br/>yet distracted air, when he and I did meet not in the least charming.<br/>     The
      AIA committee is not yet decided - more people <br/>were proposed than there
      is room for and so there is to <br/>be  a ballot. Perhaps I shall survive it
      - I hope so.<br/>I have not survived as far as the Ken Wood job goes - I heard
      unofficially that the short list people have already <br/>been interviewed.<br/><br/>
      <br/><br/>
    charcount: 1629
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/24fc416f-2e2d-44a2-83d7-379a795d48fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9627515
    median_ratio: 0.9651364
    max_ratio: 0.9822294
    min_ratio: 0.9468171
    total_ratio: 5.7765087
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1093923
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1122536
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1697324
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0391808
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65530594
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284913
    user_name: not-logged-in-2d5590dbb63976ecd3b9
    created_at: 1.5017162e+09
    started_on: 1.5017156e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017162e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017106e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5018703e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 624.835
    minutes_annotating: 10.4139167
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Wednesday\nDearest Sylvia,\nHow nice it was this morning to
      have a letter from you. I long to meet you on Sturday and shall be at the station
      - [unclear]heavily be ringed[/unclear] - to meet the 12:58.\nYour evening lecture
      seems to have been a rare success - an extra fuinea, and those charming words
      of praise overheard as you left.  Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations.  I
      am sorry the other [unclear]clans[/unclear] are aggressive about modern pictures
      and poetry - but I am sure you can cope until then (I remember the Henry Moore
      / Shakespeare incident that Tiny quoted) though, of course, it is a [unclear]urele...[/unclear]
      strain.\nI am writing in Shepherd's Bush library - where the exhibition is being
      held. The staff of the library reveal an extra-ord-inary pattern of malice and
      jealousy cross currents of egotism and stupidity that is almost unbelievable
      disturbed.  I was introduced to it on my first morning here, everybody complain-ing
      about everybody else.\nI saw John Shipp yesterday and he admired my ring very
      much - as did John McHale.  Yes, he sent the testimonial in the end, he was
      away with influenza when my letter reached the office.  \nI am much too busy
      publishing to see the clock at present - I just cannot afford the time.  I though,
      in any case M's Irish, yet [unclear]abstracted[/unclear] air, when he and I
      did meet not in the least charming.\nThe AIA committee is not yet decided [unclear]-
      or =[/unclear] more people were proposed than there is room for and so there
      is to be a ballot.  Perhaps I shall survive it - I hope so.\nI have not survived
      as far as the Ken Wood job goes - I heard unofficially that the short list people
      have already ben interviewed."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 5
    clean_transcription: Wednesday<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>How nice it was this morning
      to have a letter from you. I long to meet you on Sturday and shall be at the
      station - heavily be ringed - to meet the 12:58.<br/>Your evening lecture seems
      to have been a rare success - an extra fuinea, and those charming words of praise
      overheard as you left.  Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations.  I am sorry
      the other clans are aggressive about modern pictures and poetry - but I am sure
      you can cope until then (I remember the Henry Moore / Shakespeare incident that
      Tiny quoted) though, of course, it is a urele... strain.<br/>I am writing in
      Shepherd's Bush library - where the exhibition is being held. The staff of the
      library reveal an extra-ord-inary pattern of malice and jealousy cross currents
      of egotism and stupidity that is almost unbelievable disturbed.  I was introduced
      to it on my first morning here, everybody complain-ing about everybody else.<br/>I
      saw John Shipp yesterday and he admired my ring very much - as did John McHale.  Yes,
      he sent the testimonial in the end, he was away with influenza when my letter
      reached the office.  <br/>I am much too busy publishing to see the clock at
      present - I just cannot afford the time.  I though, in any case M's Irish, yet
      abstracted air, when he and I did meet not in the least charming.<br/>The AIA
      committee is not yet decided - or = more people were proposed than there is
      room for and so there is to be a ballot.  Perhaps I shall survive it - I hope
      so.<br/>I have not survived as far as the Ken Wood job goes - I heard unofficially
      that the short list people have already ben interviewed.
    charcount: 1598
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/24fc416f-2e2d-44a2-83d7-379a795d48fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9346731
    median_ratio: 0.9330065
    max_ratio: 0.9476651
    min_ratio: 0.9225122
    total_ratio: 5.6080387
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1093923
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1122536
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1697324
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0391808
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65620839
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284913
    user_name: snikdekl
    created_at: 1.5017753e+09
    started_on: 1.501771e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017753e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017106e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5018703e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 4366.3960001
    minutes_annotating: 72.7732667
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Wednesday\n\nDearest Sylvia\n\nHow nice it was this morning
      to have a letter from you.\nI long to meet you on Saturday and shall be at the
      station -\nheavily [unclear]be-ruged[/unclear] - to meet the 12.58.\n\nYour
      evening lecture seems to have been a rare success - an\nextra guinea, and those
      charming words of praise overheard as\nyou left. Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations.
      I am\nsorry the other class are aggressive about modern pictures and\npoetry
      - but I am sure you cope with them (I remember the\nHenry Moore / Shakespeare
      incident that Tiny quoted) though, of\ncourse, it is a useless strain.\n\nI
      am writing in Shepherd's Bush library - where the exhib-\nition is being held.
      The staff of the library reveal an extra-ord-\ninary pattern of malice and jealousy
      and cross currents of egotism\nand stupidity that is almost unbelievable disturbed.
      I was\nintroduced to it on my first morning here, everybody complain-\ning about
      everybody else.\n\nI saw John Shipp yesterday and he admired my ring very \nmuch
      - as did John McHale. Yes, he sent the testimonial in\nthe end, he was away
      with influenza when my letter reached \nthe office.\n\nI am much too busy possibly
      to see the clock at present - I\njust cannot aford the time. I thought, in any
      case, M's brisk, yet\nabstracted air, when he and I did meet not in the least
      charming.\n\nThe AIA committee is not yet decided - more people\nwere proposed
      than there is room for and so there is to\nbe a ballot. Perhaps I shall survive
      it - I hope so.\n\nI have not survived as far as the Ken Wood job goes -\nI
      heard unofficially that the short list people have already\nbeen interviewed.\n\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: Wednesday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/><br/>How nice it was
      this morning to have a letter from you.<br/>I long to meet you on Saturday and
      shall be at the station -<br/>heavily be-ruged - to meet the 12.58.<br/><br/>Your
      evening lecture seems to have been a rare success - an<br/>extra guinea, and
      those charming words of praise overheard as<br/>you left. Oh, my Minerva, warmest
      congratulations. I am<br/>sorry the other class are aggressive about modern
      pictures and<br/>poetry - but I am sure you cope with them (I remember the<br/>Henry
      Moore / Shakespeare incident that Tiny quoted) though, of<br/>course, it is
      a useless strain.<br/><br/>I am writing in Shepherd's Bush library - where the
      exhib-<br/>ition is being held. The staff of the library reveal an extra-ord-<br/>inary
      pattern of malice and jealousy and cross currents of egotism<br/>and stupidity
      that is almost unbelievable disturbed. I was<br/>introduced to it on my first
      morning here, everybody complain-<br/>ing about everybody else.<br/><br/>I saw
      John Shipp yesterday and he admired my ring very <br/>much - as did John McHale.
      Yes, he sent the testimonial in<br/>the end, he was away with influenza when
      my letter reached <br/>the office.<br/><br/>I am much too busy possibly to see
      the clock at present - I<br/>just cannot aford the time. I thought, in any case,
      M's brisk, yet<br/>abstracted air, when he and I did meet not in the least charming.<br/><br/>The
      AIA committee is not yet decided - more people<br/>were proposed than there
      is room for and so there is to<br/>be a ballot. Perhaps I shall survive it -
      I hope so.<br/><br/>I have not survived as far as the Ken Wood job goes -<br/>I
      heard unofficially that the short list people have already<br/>been interviewed.<br/><br/><br/>
    charcount: 1599
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/24fc416f-2e2d-44a2-83d7-379a795d48fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.963028
    median_ratio: 0.9667519
    max_ratio: 0.9822866
    min_ratio: 0.9435939
    total_ratio: 5.7781683
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1093923
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1122536
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1697324
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0391808
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65643698
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284913
    user_name: WiltedLotus
    created_at: 1.5017851e+09
    started_on: 1.5017825e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017851e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017106e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5018703e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2527.6399999
    minutes_annotating: 42.1273333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      Wednesday
      Dearest Sylvia,
      How nice it was this morning to have a letter from you. I long to meet you on Saturday and shall be at the station - heavily be-ringed - to meet the 12.58.
      Your lecture seems to have been a rare success - an extra guinea and those charming words of praise overheard as you left.  Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations. I am sorry the other class are aggressive about modern pictures and poetry - but I am sure you can cope with them (I remember the Henry Moore/ Shakespeare incident that Tiny quoted) though, of course, it is a useless strain.
      I am writing in Shepherd's Bush library - where the exhib-ition is being held. The staff of the library reveal and extra-ord-inary pattern of malice and jealousy and cross currents of egotism ad stupidity that is almost unbelievable disturbed. I was introduced to it on my first morning here. everybody complain-ing about everybody else.
      I saw John Skipp yesterday and he admired my ring very much - as did John McHale. Yes, he sent the testimonial in the end, he was away with influenza when my letter reached the office.
      I am much too busy presently to see the clock at present - I just cannot afford the time. I thought, in any case, M's brisk, yet abstracted air, when he and I did meet not in the least charming.
      The AIA Committee is not yet decided = more people were proposed than there is room for and so there is to b a ballot. Perhaps I shall survive it - I hope so.
      I have not yet survived as far as the Ken wood job goes - I heard unofficially that the short list people have already been interviewed.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: Wednesday<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>How nice it was this morning
      to have a letter from you. I long to meet you on Saturday and shall be at the
      station - heavily be-ringed - to meet the 12.58.<br/>Your lecture seems to have
      been a rare success - an extra guinea and those charming words of praise overheard
      as you left.  Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations. I am sorry the other
      class are aggressive about modern pictures and poetry - but I am sure you can
      cope with them (I remember the Henry Moore/ Shakespeare incident that Tiny quoted)
      though, of course, it is a useless strain.<br/>I am writing in Shepherd's Bush
      library - where the exhib-ition is being held. The staff of the library reveal
      and extra-ord-inary pattern of malice and jealousy and cross currents of egotism
      ad stupidity that is almost unbelievable disturbed. I was introduced to it on
      my first morning here. everybody complain-ing about everybody else.<br/>I saw
      John Skipp yesterday and he admired my ring very much - as did John McHale.
      Yes, he sent the testimonial in the end, he was away with influenza when my
      letter reached the office.<br/>I am much too busy presently to see the clock
      at present - I just cannot afford the time. I thought, in any case, M's brisk,
      yet abstracted air, when he and I did meet not in the least charming.<br/>The
      AIA Committee is not yet decided = more people were proposed than there is room
      for and so there is to b a ballot. Perhaps I shall survive it - I hope so.<br/>I
      have not yet survived as far as the Ken wood job goes - I heard unofficially
      that the short list people have already been interviewed.<br/>
    charcount: 1586
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/24fc416f-2e2d-44a2-83d7-379a795d48fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.950463
    median_ratio: 0.9537865
    max_ratio: 0.9676898
    min_ratio: 0.9274062
    total_ratio: 5.7027781
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1093923
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1122536
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1697324
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0391808
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65750578
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284913
    user_name: not-logged-in-9c8a37b4122925f7cf3d
    created_at: 1.5018613e+09
    started_on: 1.5018602e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018613e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017106e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5018703e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1088.586
    minutes_annotating: 18.1431
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Wednesday
      Dearest Sylvia,
           How nice it was this morning to have a letter from you.  I long to meet on Saturday and shall be at the station - heavily [unclear]Re-serged[/unclear] - to meet the 12.58.
           Your evening lecture seems to have been a rare success - an extra guinea, and [unclear]rare[/unclear]charming words of praise overheard as you left.  Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations.  I am sorry the other [unclear]ears[/unclear] are aggressive about modern pictures and poetry - but I am sure you can cope with them (I remember the Henry Moore / Shakespeare incident that Tiny quoted) though, of course, it is a useless strain.
           I am writing in Shepherd's Bush library - where the exhibition is being held.  The staff of the library reveal an extra ordinary pattern of malice and jealousy and cross currents of egotism and stupidity that is almost unbelievable disturbed.  I was introduced to it on my first morning here, everybody complaining about everybody else.
           I saw John [unclear]Skipp [/unclear]yesterday and he admired my ring very much - as did John McHale.  Yes, he sent the testimonial in the end, he was away with influenza when my letter reached the office.
           I am much too busy possibly to see the clock at present - I just cannot afford the time.  I thought, in any case, M's brisk, yet abstracted air, when he and I did meet not in the [unclear]heart [/unclear]charming.
           The AIA committee is not yet decided - more people were proposed than there is room for and so there is to be a ballot.  Perhaps I shall survive it - I hope so.
           I have not survived as far on the Ken Wood job goes - I heard unofficially that the short list people have already been interviewed.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 5
    clean_transcription: Wednesday<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>     How nice it was this
      morning to have a letter from you.  I long to meet on Saturday and shall be
      at the station - heavily Re-serged - to meet the 12.58.<br/>     Your evening
      lecture seems to have been a rare success - an extra guinea, and rarecharming
      words of praise overheard as you left.  Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations.  I
      am sorry the other ears are aggressive about modern pictures and poetry - but
      I am sure you can cope with them (I remember the Henry Moore / Shakespeare incident
      that Tiny quoted) though, of course, it is a useless strain.<br/>     I am writing
      in Shepherd's Bush library - where the exhibition is being held.  The staff
      of the library reveal an extra ordinary pattern of malice and jealousy and cross
      currents of egotism and stupidity that is almost unbelievable disturbed.  I
      was introduced to it on my first morning here, everybody complaining about everybody
      else.<br/>     I saw John Skipp yesterday and he admired my ring very much -
      as did John McHale.  Yes, he sent the testimonial in the end, he was away with
      influenza when my letter reached the office.<br/>     I am much too busy possibly
      to see the clock at present - I just cannot afford the time.  I thought, in
      any case, M's brisk, yet abstracted air, when he and I did meet not in the heart
      charming.<br/>     The AIA committee is not yet decided - more people were proposed
      than there is room for and so there is to be a ballot.  Perhaps I shall survive
      it - I hope so.<br/>     I have not survived as far on the Ken Wood job goes
      - I heard unofficially that the short list people have already been interviewed.
    charcount: 1623
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/24fc416f-2e2d-44a2-83d7-379a795d48fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9506542
    median_ratio: 0.9542442
    max_ratio: 0.9644588
    min_ratio: 0.922643
    total_ratio: 5.703925
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1093923
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1122536
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1697324
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0391808
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65764859
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284913
    user_name: FizzPlease
    created_at: 1.5018703e+09
    started_on: 1.5018679e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018703e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.78 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017106e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5018703e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2442.062
    minutes_annotating: 40.7010333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.78 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Wednesday\nDearest Sylvia,\nHow nice it was this morning to
      have a letter from you. I long to meet you on Saturday and shall be at the station
      - heavily be-serged - to meet at 12:58.\n\nYour evening lecture seems to have
      been a rare success - an extra guinea, and [unclear]more[/unclear] charming
      worst of praise overheard as you left. Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations.
      I am sorry the other [unclear]???[/unclear] are aggressive about modern pictures
      and poetry - but I am sure you can cope with them. (I remember the Henry Moore
      / Shakespeare incident that Tiny quote) though of course, it is a [unclear]useless[/unclear]
      strain.\n\nI am writing in Shepherd's bush library - where the exhib-\nition
      is being held. The staff of the library reveal an  extra-ord-\ninary pattern
      of malice and jealousy and gross current of egotism and stupidity that is almost
      unbelievable [unclear]disturbed.[/unclear] I was introduced to it in my first
      morning here, everybody complain-\ning about everybody else.\n\nI saw John [unclear]Shipp[/unclear]
      yesterday and he admired my ring very much - as did John McHale - Yes, he sent
      the testimonial in the end, he was away with influenza when my letter reached
      the office.\n\nI am much too busy [unclear]possibly[/unclear] to see the clock
      at present - I just cannot afford the. I thought, in any case, M' s [unclear]Irish
      [/unclear], yet [unclear]abstracted[/unclear] air, when he and I did meet not
      in the least charming. \n\nThe AIA Committee is not yet decided - more people
      were proposed than there is room for and so there is to be a ballot. Perhaps
      I shall survive it - I hope so. \n\nI have not [unclear]survived[/unclear] so
      far on the Ken Wood job [unclear]???[/unclear]. I heard unofficially that the
      short list people have already been interviewed."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 10
    clean_transcription: Wednesday<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>How nice it was this morning
      to have a letter from you. I long to meet you on Saturday and shall be at the
      station - heavily be-serged - to meet at 12:58.<br/><br/>Your evening lecture
      seems to have been a rare success - an extra guinea, and more charming worst
      of praise overheard as you left. Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations. I
      am sorry the other ??? are aggressive about modern pictures and poetry - but
      I am sure you can cope with them. (I remember the Henry Moore / Shakespeare
      incident that Tiny quote) though of course, it is a useless strain.<br/><br/>I
      am writing in Shepherd's bush library - where the exhib-<br/>ition is being
      held. The staff of the library reveal an  extra-ord-<br/>inary pattern of malice
      and jealousy and gross current of egotism and stupidity that is almost unbelievable
      disturbed. I was introduced to it in my first morning here, everybody complain-<br/>ing
      about everybody else.<br/><br/>I saw John Shipp yesterday and he admired my
      ring very much - as did John McHale - Yes, he sent the testimonial in the end,
      he was away with influenza when my letter reached the office.<br/><br/>I am
      much too busy possibly to see the clock at present - I just cannot afford the.
      I thought, in any case, M' s Irish , yet abstracted air, when he and I did meet
      not in the least charming. <br/><br/>The AIA Committee is not yet decided -
      more people were proposed than there is room for and so there is to be a ballot.
      Perhaps I shall survive it - I hope so. <br/><br/>I have not survived so far
      on the Ken Wood job ???. I heard unofficially that the short list people have
      already been interviewed.
    charcount: 1592
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/24fc416f-2e2d-44a2-83d7-379a795d48fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9298664
    median_ratio: 0.9343205
    max_ratio: 0.9410339
    min_ratio: 0.9113618
    total_ratio: 5.5791986
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1093923
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1122536
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1697324
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0391808
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65766621
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284913
    user_name: ChrisMM76
    created_at: 1.5018717e+09
    started_on: 1.5018706e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018717e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017106e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5018703e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1042.7639999
    minutes_annotating: 17.3794
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Wednesday\nDearest Sylvia,\n     How nice it was this morning
      at have a letter from you.\nI long to meet you on Saturday and shall be at the
      station - \nheavily be-ringed - to meet the 12:58.\n     Your evening lecture
      seems to have been a rare success - an\nextra guinea, and those charming words
      of praise overheard as\nyou left.  Oh, my Minerva, warmest congratulations.
      \ I am\nsorry the other [unclear][/unclear] are aggressive about modern pictures
      and\npoetry - but I am sure you can cope with them (I remember the\nHenry Moore/Shakespeare
      incident that Tiny quoted) though, of\ncourse, it is a useless strain.\n     I
      am writing in Shepherd's Bush library - where the exhib-\nition is being held.
      \ The staff of the library reveal an extra-ord-\ninary pattern of malice and
      jealousy and [unclear][/unclear] currents of egotism\nand stupidity that almost
      unbelievably disturbed.  i was\nintroduced to it on my first morning, here,
      everybody complain-\ning about everybody else.\n     I saw John Skipp yesterday
      and he admired my ring very \nmuch - as did John McHale.  Yes, he sent the testimonial
      in\nthe end, he was away with influenza wen my letter reached\nthe office.\n
      \    I am much to busy possibly to see the clock at present - O\njust cannot
      afford the time.  I thought, in any case, M's brisk, yet\nabstracted air, when
      he and I did meet not in the least charming.\n     The A.I.A. committee is not
      yet decided: more people\nwere proposed than there is room for and so there
      is to\nbe a ballot.  Perhaps I shall survive it - I hope so.\n     I have not
      survived as for on the Ken Wood job goes -\nI heard unofficially that the short
      list people have already\nbeen interviewed."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Wednesday<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>     How nice it was this
      morning at have a letter from you.<br/>I long to meet you on Saturday and shall
      be at the station - <br/>heavily be-ringed - to meet the 12:58.<br/>     Your
      evening lecture seems to have been a rare success - an<br/>extra guinea, and
      those charming words of praise overheard as<br/>you left.  Oh, my Minerva, warmest
      congratulations.  I am<br/>sorry the other  are aggressive about modern pictures
      and<br/>poetry - but I am sure you can cope with them (I remember the<br/>Henry
      Moore/Shakespeare incident that Tiny quoted) though, of<br/>course, it is a
      useless strain.<br/>     I am writing in Shepherd''s Bush library - where the
      exhib-<br/>ition is being held.  The staff of the library reveal an extra-ord-<br/>inary
      pattern of malice and jealousy and  currents of egotism<br/>and stupidity that
      almost unbelievably disturbed.  i was<br/>introduced to it on my first morning,
      here, everybody complain-<br/>ing about everybody else.<br/>     I saw John
      Skipp yesterday and he admired my ring very <br/>much - as did John McHale.  Yes,
      he sent the testimonial in<br/>the end, he was away with influenza wen my letter
      reached<br/>the office.<br/>     I am much to busy possibly to see the clock
      at present - O<br/>just cannot afford the time.  I thought, in any case, M''s
      brisk, yet<br/>abstracted air, when he and I did meet not in the least charming.<br/>     The
      A.I.A. committee is not yet decided: more people<br/>were proposed than there
      is room for and so there is to<br/>be a ballot.  Perhaps I shall survive it
      - I hope so.<br/>     I have not survived as for on the Ken Wood job goes -<br/>I
      heard unofficially that the short list people have already<br/>been interviewed.'
    charcount: 1623
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/24fc416f-2e2d-44a2-83d7-379a795d48fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9462499
    median_ratio: 0.9519803
    max_ratio: 0.958132
    min_ratio: 0.9210314
    total_ratio: 5.6774993
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1093923
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1122536
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1697324
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0391808
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f05_027.jpg

---
