---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_049
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 70177759
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908034
    user_name: Merlotmateus
    created_at: 1.5053025e+09
    started_on: 1.5053015e+09
    ended_on: 1.5053025e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/46.0.2490.86 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_049.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5053025e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5075226e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5052608e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 997.457
    minutes_annotating: 16.6242833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/46.0.2490.86 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '46'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2490'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      After the Eclipse
      Dearest Sylivia
      I missed the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so that must have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions have gone to N Africa where the eclipse is strongest:
      (Picture)
      This picture of them is reproduced of[unclear]permission[/unclear] of the Lion News & Reviews. You see you do not have to subscribe - David will send you all the interesting pieces of news.
      I am sorry your cold has been so drastic but it is good news that you are better now: poor cat. I hope you have plenty of lozenges.
      The pantomime sounds very amusing. I am glad you found yourself in such pleasant company. Who - I am dying to know - who played the cat, and did you consider his performance satisfactory? You ought to have taken Clifford - that would  have cheered him up.
      I am glad [unclear]Maive[/unclear]is better & pleased he likes the idea of my lecturing. As soon as you return I shall get down to some 'field work': that's the thing, nowadays, 'field work'.
      Good news about Mrs Blackwell: her arguments about the gas meter sound dotty, but, on the whole, it must be a great relief.
      I am interested to hear about 'the 1890s': I had forgotten that it tailed off. I'm sorry - but at least, it passed the coach journey & it does have some excellent things, as you say.
      Your exhibition is constantly in my mind. I dreamed about it last night: I can't remember exactly but I remember stacks of pictures and wrapping paper and a conference upstairs. I was terribly busy. I think you were somewhere else still painting...it is all vague, however I don't think I have it in the right order. I am so pleased you decided on it. You must be, at any rate a little, less worried about the financial side of it now Mrs Blackwell's paid up...
      I love you so much, my beauty, my rose, my court painter. I love you - you enchant me.
      I adore you.
      Lawrence
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>After the Eclipse<br/>Dearest Sylivia<br/>I
      missed the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so
      that must have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions have gone to
      N Africa where the eclipse is strongest:<br/>(Picture)<br/>This picture of them
      is reproduced ofpermission of the Lion News & Reviews. You see you do not have
      to subscribe - David will send you all the interesting pieces of news.<br/>I
      am sorry your cold has been so drastic but it is good news that you are better
      now: poor cat. I hope you have plenty of lozenges.<br/>The pantomime sounds
      very amusing. I am glad you found yourself in such pleasant company. Who - I
      am dying to know - who played the cat, and did you consider his performance
      satisfactory? You ought to have taken Clifford - that would  have cheered him
      up.<br/>I am glad Maiveis better & pleased he likes the idea of my lecturing.
      As soon as you return I shall get down to some ''field work'': that''s the thing,
      nowadays, ''field work''.<br/>Good news about Mrs Blackwell: her arguments about
      the gas meter sound dotty, but, on the whole, it must be a great relief.<br/>I
      am interested to hear about ''the 1890s'': I had forgotten that it tailed off.
      I''m sorry - but at least, it passed the coach journey & it does have some excellent
      things, as you say.<br/>Your exhibition is constantly in my mind. I dreamed
      about it last night: I can''t remember exactly but I remember stacks of pictures
      and wrapping paper and a conference upstairs. I was terribly busy. I think you
      were somewhere else still painting...it is all vague, however I don''t think
      I have it in the right order. I am so pleased you decided on it. You must be,
      at any rate a little, less worried about the financial side of it now Mrs Blackwell''s
      paid up...<br/>I love you so much, my beauty, my rose, my court painter. I love
      you - you enchant me.<br/>I adore you.<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 1861
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/2fff78c5-9f73-4306-8e5e-e9d2a2b794fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9594445
    median_ratio: 0.9649369
    max_ratio: 0.9767932
    min_ratio: 0.9326357
    total_ratio: 4.7972226
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0904628
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0918448
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1493652
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371867
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 70190360
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908034
    user_name: JanetCormack
    created_at: 1.5053101e+09
    started_on: 1.5053085e+09
    ended_on: 1.5053101e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_049.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5053025e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5075226e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5052608e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1578.4529998
    minutes_annotating: 26.30755
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath After the Eclipse\nDearest Sylvia\nI missed the eclipse
      itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so that must have been
      the end of it. A party of scientific lions have gone to N Africa where the eclipse
      is strongest:\nThis picture of them is reproduced by permission of the Lion
      News & Review. You see you do not have to subscribe - Dandy will send you all
      the interesting pieces of news.\nI am sorry your cold has been so drastic but
      it is good news that you are better now: poor cat. I hope you have plenty of
      lozenges.\nThe pantomime sounds very amusing. I am glad you found yourself in
      such pleasant company. Who - I am dying to know - played the cat, and did you
      consider her performance satisfactory? You ought to have taken Clifford - that
      would have cheered him up.\nI am glad Haine is better & pleased he likes the
      idea of my lecturing. As soon as you return I shall get down to some 'fieldwork':
      that's the thing, nowadays, 'field work'.\nGood news about Mrs Blackwell: her
      arguments about the gas meter sound dotty, but, on the whole, it must be a great
      relief.\nI am interested to hear about 'the 1890s': I had forgotten that it
      tailed off. I'm sorry - but, at least, it passed the coach journey & it does
      have some excellent things, as you say.\nYour exhibition is constantly in my
      mind. I dreamed about it last night: I can't remember exactly but I remember
      stacks of pictures and wrapping paper and a conference upstairs. I was terribly
      busy. I think you were somewhere else still painting ... it is all vague, however,
      & I don't think I have it in the right order. I am so pleased you decided on
      it. You must be, at any rate a little, less worried about the financial side
      of it now Mrs Blackwell's paid up ...\nI love you so much, my beauty, my rose.,
      my court painter. I love you: you enchant me.\nI adore you \nLawrence\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath After the Eclipse<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>I missed
      the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so that
      must have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions have gone to N Africa
      where the eclipse is strongest:<br/>This picture of them is reproduced by permission
      of the Lion News & Review. You see you do not have to subscribe - Dandy will
      send you all the interesting pieces of news.<br/>I am sorry your cold has been
      so drastic but it is good news that you are better now: poor cat. I hope you
      have plenty of lozenges.<br/>The pantomime sounds very amusing. I am glad you
      found yourself in such pleasant company. Who - I am dying to know - played the
      cat, and did you consider her performance satisfactory? You ought to have taken
      Clifford - that would have cheered him up.<br/>I am glad Haine is better & pleased
      he likes the idea of my lecturing. As soon as you return I shall get down to
      some ''fieldwork'': that''s the thing, nowadays, ''field work''.<br/>Good news
      about Mrs Blackwell: her arguments about the gas meter sound dotty, but, on
      the whole, it must be a great relief.<br/>I am interested to hear about ''the
      1890s'': I had forgotten that it tailed off. I''m sorry - but, at least, it
      passed the coach journey & it does have some excellent things, as you say.<br/>Your
      exhibition is constantly in my mind. I dreamed about it last night: I can''t
      remember exactly but I remember stacks of pictures and wrapping paper and a
      conference upstairs. I was terribly busy. I think you were somewhere else still
      painting ... it is all vague, however, & I don''t think I have it in the right
      order. I am so pleased you decided on it. You must be, at any rate a little,
      less worried about the financial side of it now Mrs Blackwell''s paid up ...<br/>I
      love you so much, my beauty, my rose., my court painter. I love you: you enchant
      me.<br/>I adore you <br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 1853
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/2fff78c5-9f73-4306-8e5e-e9d2a2b794fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9679279
    median_ratio: 0.974198
    max_ratio: 0.9824684
    min_ratio: 0.942446
    total_ratio: 4.8396394
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0904628
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0918448
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1493652
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371867
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 70852407
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908034
    user_name: tmeconverse
    created_at: 1.5056607e+09
    started_on: 1.5056598e+09
    ended_on: 1.5056607e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_049.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5053025e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5075226e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5056064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 973.177
    minutes_annotating: 16.2196167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath             After the eclipse\n\nDearest Sylvia\n
      \  I missed the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly
      so \nthat must have been the end of it.  A party of scientific lions have gone
      to \nAfrica where the eclipse is strongest:\n\n\nThis picture of them is reproduced
      by permission of the Lion News & Review.  \nYou see you do not have to subscribe
      - Dandy will send you all the \ninteresting pieces of news.\n   I am sorry your
      cold has been so drastic but it is good news that \nyou are better now:  poor
      cat.  I hope you have plenty of lozenges.\n    The pantomime sounds very amusing.
      \ I am glad you found your-\nself in such pleasant company.  Solo.  I am dying
      to know - who \nplayed the cat, and did you consider her performance satisfactory?
      \ \nYou ought to have taken Clifford - that would have cheered him up.\n    I
      am glad [unclear]Haine[/unclear] is better & pleased he likes the idea of my
      lect-\nuring.  As soon as you return I shall get down to some 'field-\nwork',
      that's the thing, nowadays, 'field work'.\n   Good news about Mrs. Blackwell:
      \ her arguments about the \ngas meter sound dotty, but, on the whole, it must
      be a great \nrelief.\n   I am interested to hear about 'the 1890s':  I had forgotten
      \nthat it tailed off.  I'm sorry - but, at least, it passed the \ncoach journey
      & it does have some excellent things, as you say.\n   Your exhibition is constantly
      in my mind.  I dreamed about \nit last night:  I can't remember exactly but
      I remember stacks \nof pictures and  wrapping paper and a conference upstairs.
      \  I \nwas terribly busy.  I think you were somewhere else still \npainting.
      . . it is all vague, rambling, I don't think I have \nit in the right order.
      \ I am so pleased you decided on it.  \nYou must be, at any rate a little, less
      worried about the \nfinancial side of it now Mrs. Blackwell's paid up. . .\n
      \  I love you so much, my beauty, my rose, my court painter.  \nI love you -
      you enchant me.\n           I adore you\n           Lawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath             After the eclipse<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia<br/>   I missed the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came
      out suddenly so <br/>that must have been the end of it.  A party of scientific
      lions have gone to <br/>Africa where the eclipse is strongest:<br/><br/><br/>This
      picture of them is reproduced by permission of the Lion News & Review.  <br/>You
      see you do not have to subscribe - Dandy will send you all the <br/>interesting
      pieces of news.<br/>   I am sorry your cold has been so drastic but it is good
      news that <br/>you are better now:  poor cat.  I hope you have plenty of lozenges.<br/>    The
      pantomime sounds very amusing.  I am glad you found your-<br/>self in such pleasant
      company.  Solo.  I am dying to know - who <br/>played the cat, and did you consider
      her performance satisfactory?  <br/>You ought to have taken Clifford - that
      would have cheered him up.<br/>    I am glad Haine is better & pleased he likes
      the idea of my lect-<br/>uring.  As soon as you return I shall get down to some
      ''field-<br/>work'', that''s the thing, nowadays, ''field work''.<br/>   Good
      news about Mrs. Blackwell:  her arguments about the <br/>gas meter sound dotty,
      but, on the whole, it must be a great <br/>relief.<br/>   I am interested to
      hear about ''the 1890s'':  I had forgotten <br/>that it tailed off.  I''m sorry
      - but, at least, it passed the <br/>coach journey & it does have some excellent
      things, as you say.<br/>   Your exhibition is constantly in my mind.  I dreamed
      about <br/>it last night:  I can''t remember exactly but I remember stacks <br/>of
      pictures and  wrapping paper and a conference upstairs.   I <br/>was terribly
      busy.  I think you were somewhere else still <br/>painting. . . it is all vague,
      rambling, I don''t think I have <br/>it in the right order.  I am so pleased
      you decided on it.  <br/>You must be, at any rate a little, less worried about
      the <br/>financial side of it now Mrs. Blackwell''s paid up. . .<br/>   I love
      you so much, my beauty, my rose, my court painter.  <br/>I love you - you enchant
      me.<br/>           I adore you<br/>           Lawrence'
    charcount: 1965
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/2fff78c5-9f73-4306-8e5e-e9d2a2b794fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9612907
    median_ratio: 0.9651325
    max_ratio: 0.9852321
    min_ratio: 0.9339438
    total_ratio: 4.8064533
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0904628
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0918448
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1493652
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371867
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 72509837
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908034
    user_name: wrightj2h
    created_at: 1.506834e+09
    started_on: 1.5068316e+09
    ended_on: 1.506834e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_049.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5053025e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5075226e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506816e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 2374.2459998
    minutes_annotating: 39.5707667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '10'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "After The Eclipse\nBlackheath\nDearest Sylvia\nI missed the
      eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so that must
      have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions have gone to N. Africa
      where the eclipse is strongest:\n(Line drawing of Scientific Lions in the desert
      studying the eclipse, with scientific instruments, tent, lorry, pyramid, sphinx)\nThis
      picture of them is reproduced by permission of the Lion News & Review. You see,
      you do not have to subscribe - Dandy will send you all the interesting pieces
      of news.\nI am sorry your cold has been so drastic but it is good news that
      you are better now: poor cat. I hope you have plenty of lozenges.\nThe pantomime
      sounds very amusing. I am glad you found yourself in such pleasant company.
      Who - I am dying to know - who played the cat, and did you consider the performance
      satisfactory?\nYou ought to have taken Clifford - that would have cheered him
      up. \nI am glad [unclear]Hains[/unclear] is better & pleased he likes the idea
      of my lecturing. As soon as you return I shall get down to some 'fieldwork'
      : that's the thing nowadays, 'fieldwork'.\nGood news about Mrs Blackwell: her
      arguments about the gas meter sound dotty, but, on the whole, it must be a great
      relief.\nI am interested to hear about 'The 1890's': I had forgotten that it
      tailed off. I'm sorry - but, at least, it passes the coach journey & it does
      have some excellent things, as you say.\nYour exhibition is constantly in my
      mind. I dreamed about it last night: I can't remember exactly but I remember
      stacks of pictures and wrapping paper and a conference upstairs. I was \nterribly
      busy. I think you were somewhere else still painting ... it is all vague, however,
      & I don't think I have it in the right order. I am so pleased you decided on
      it. You must be, at any rate a little, less worried about the financial side
      of it now Mrs Blackwell's paid up....\nI love you so much, my beauty, my rose,
      my [unclear]court [/unclear]painter, I love you - you enchant me.\nI adore you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'After The Eclipse<br/>Blackheath<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>I
      missed the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so
      that must have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions have gone to
      N. Africa where the eclipse is strongest:<br/>(Line drawing of Scientific Lions
      in the desert studying the eclipse, with scientific instruments, tent, lorry,
      pyramid, sphinx)<br/>This picture of them is reproduced by permission of the
      Lion News & Review. You see, you do not have to subscribe - Dandy will send
      you all the interesting pieces of news.<br/>I am sorry your cold has been so
      drastic but it is good news that you are better now: poor cat. I hope you have
      plenty of lozenges.<br/>The pantomime sounds very amusing. I am glad you found
      yourself in such pleasant company. Who - I am dying to know - who played the
      cat, and did you consider the performance satisfactory?<br/>You ought to have
      taken Clifford - that would have cheered him up. <br/>I am glad Hains is better
      & pleased he likes the idea of my lecturing. As soon as you return I shall get
      down to some ''fieldwork'' : that''s the thing nowadays, ''fieldwork''.<br/>Good
      news about Mrs Blackwell: her arguments about the gas meter sound dotty, but,
      on the whole, it must be a great relief.<br/>I am interested to hear about ''The
      1890''s'': I had forgotten that it tailed off. I''m sorry - but, at least, it
      passes the coach journey & it does have some excellent things, as you say.<br/>Your
      exhibition is constantly in my mind. I dreamed about it last night: I can''t
      remember exactly but I remember stacks of pictures and wrapping paper and a
      conference upstairs. I was <br/>terribly busy. I think you were somewhere else
      still painting ... it is all vague, however, & I don''t think I have it in the
      right order. I am so pleased you decided on it. You must be, at any rate a little,
      less worried about the financial side of it now Mrs Blackwell''s paid up....<br/>I
      love you so much, my beauty, my rose, my court painter, I love you - you enchant
      me.<br/>I adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 1988
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/2fff78c5-9f73-4306-8e5e-e9d2a2b794fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9731036
    median_ratio: 0.9740533
    max_ratio: 0.9859353
    min_ratio: 0.9580071
    total_ratio: 4.8655182
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0904628
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0918448
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1493652
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371867
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 73587609
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908034
    user_name: Zooniverse2017
    created_at: 1.5074847e+09
    started_on: 1.5074837e+09
    ended_on: 1.5074847e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_049.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5053025e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5075226e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5074208e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1054.8670001
    minutes_annotating: 17.5811167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\nAfter the eclipse\n\nDearest Sylvia\nI missed the
      eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so\nthat must
      have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions has gone to\nN Africa where
      the eclipse is strongest:\n\nThis picture of them is reproduced by permission
      of the Lion News & Review.\nYou see you do not have to subscribe - Dandy will
      send you all the\ninteresting pieces of news.\n\nI am sorry your cold has been
      so drastic but it is good news that\nyou are better now: poor cat. I hope you
      have plenty of lozenges.\nThe pantomime sounds very amusing. I am glad you found
      your-\nself in such pleasant company. Who - I am dying to know - who\nplayed
      the cat, and did you consider the performance satisfactory?\nYou ought to have
      taken Clifford - that would have cheered him up.\nI am glad Maine is better
      & pleased he likes the idea of my lect-\nuring. As soon as you return I shall
      get down to some 'field-\nwork': that's the thing, nowadays, 'field work'.\nGood
      news about Mrs. Blackwell: her arguments about the\ngas meter sound chatty,
      but, on the whole, it must be a great\nrelief.\nI am interested to hear about
      'the 1890s': I had forgotten\nthat it tailed off. I'm sorry - but, at least,
      it parsed the \n[unclear]lock[/unclear] journey & it does have some excellent
      things, as you say.\n\nYour exhibition is constantly in my mind. I dreamed about\nit
      last night: I can't remember exactly but I remember stacks\nof pictures and
      wrapping paper and a conference upstairs. I\nwas terribly busy. I think you
      were somewhere else still\npainting... it is all vague, however, I don't think
      I have\nit in the right order. I am so pleased you decided on it.\nYou must
      be, at any rate, a little less worried about the\nfinancial side of it now Mrs.
      Blackwell's paid up...\n\nI love you so much, my beauty, my rose, my [unclear]court[/unclear]
      painter. \nI love you - you enchant me.\n\nI adore you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>After the eclipse<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>I
      missed the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so<br/>that
      must have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions has gone to<br/>N
      Africa where the eclipse is strongest:<br/><br/>This picture of them is reproduced
      by permission of the Lion News & Review.<br/>You see you do not have to subscribe
      - Dandy will send you all the<br/>interesting pieces of news.<br/><br/>I am
      sorry your cold has been so drastic but it is good news that<br/>you are better
      now: poor cat. I hope you have plenty of lozenges.<br/>The pantomime sounds
      very amusing. I am glad you found your-<br/>self in such pleasant company. Who
      - I am dying to know - who<br/>played the cat, and did you consider the performance
      satisfactory?<br/>You ought to have taken Clifford - that would have cheered
      him up.<br/>I am glad Maine is better & pleased he likes the idea of my lect-<br/>uring.
      As soon as you return I shall get down to some ''field-<br/>work'': that''s
      the thing, nowadays, ''field work''.<br/>Good news about Mrs. Blackwell: her
      arguments about the<br/>gas meter sound chatty, but, on the whole, it must be
      a great<br/>relief.<br/>I am interested to hear about ''the 1890s'': I had forgotten<br/>that
      it tailed off. I''m sorry - but, at least, it parsed the <br/>lock journey &
      it does have some excellent things, as you say.<br/><br/>Your exhibition is
      constantly in my mind. I dreamed about<br/>it last night: I can''t remember
      exactly but I remember stacks<br/>of pictures and wrapping paper and a conference
      upstairs. I<br/>was terribly busy. I think you were somewhere else still<br/>painting...
      it is all vague, however, I don''t think I have<br/>it in the right order. I
      am so pleased you decided on it.<br/>You must be, at any rate, a little less
      worried about the<br/>financial side of it now Mrs. Blackwell''s paid up...<br/><br/>I
      love you so much, my beauty, my rose, my court painter. <br/>I love you - you
      enchant me.<br/><br/>I adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 1866
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/2fff78c5-9f73-4306-8e5e-e9d2a2b794fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9597427
    median_ratio: 0.9670407
    max_ratio: 0.978903
    min_ratio: 0.9339438
    total_ratio: 4.7987134
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0904628
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0918448
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1493652
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371867
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 73649887
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908034
    user_name: JohnDM
    created_at: 1.5075226e+09
    started_on: 1.5075199e+09
    ended_on: 1.5075226e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_049.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5053025e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5075226e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5075072e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 2619.9380002
    minutes_annotating: 43.6656333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath After the Eclipse
      Dearest Sylvia
       I missed the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so that must have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions have gone to N Africa where the eclipse is strongest:
       The picture of it is reproduced with permission of Lion News and Review. You see you do not have to subscribe - Dandy will send you all the interesting pieces of news.
       I am sorry your cold has been so drastic but it is good news that you are better now: poor cat. I hope you have plenty of lozenges.
       The pantomime sounds very amusing. I am glad that you found yourself in such pleasant company. Who - I am dying to know - who played the cat, and did you consider her performance satisfactory? You ought to have taken Clifford - that would have cheered him up.
       I am glad Moire is better & pleased she likes the idea of my lecturing. As soon as you return I shall get down to some 'field work'.
       Good news about Mrs Blackwell: her arguments about the gas meter sound dotty, but , on the whole, it must be a great relief.
       I am interested to hear about the 1890s': I had forgotten that it tailed off. I'm sorry - but, at least, it  passed the coach journey as it does have some excellent things, as you say.
       Your exhibition is constantly in my mind. I dreamed about it last night: I can't remember exactly but I remember stacks of pictures and wrapping paper and a conference upstairs. I was terribly busy. I think you were somewhere else still painting ... it is all vague, however, I don't think I have it in the right order. I am so pleased you decided upon it. You must be, at any rate a little, less worried about the financial side of it now Mrs Blackwell has paid up ...
       I love you so much, my beauty, my rose, my court painter. I love you - you enchant me
       I adore you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath After the Eclipse<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/> I missed
      the eclipse itself but at a quarter to 10 the sun came out suddenly so that
      must have been the end of it. A party of scientific lions have gone to N Africa
      where the eclipse is strongest:<br/> The picture of it is reproduced with permission
      of Lion News and Review. You see you do not have to subscribe - Dandy will send
      you all the interesting pieces of news.<br/> I am sorry your cold has been so
      drastic but it is good news that you are better now: poor cat. I hope you have
      plenty of lozenges.<br/> The pantomime sounds very amusing. I am glad that you
      found yourself in such pleasant company. Who - I am dying to know - who played
      the cat, and did you consider her performance satisfactory? You ought to have
      taken Clifford - that would have cheered him up.<br/> I am glad Moire is better
      & pleased she likes the idea of my lecturing. As soon as you return I shall
      get down to some ''field work''.<br/> Good news about Mrs Blackwell: her arguments
      about the gas meter sound dotty, but , on the whole, it must be a great relief.<br/>
      I am interested to hear about the 1890s'': I had forgotten that it tailed off.
      I''m sorry - but, at least, it  passed the coach journey as it does have some
      excellent things, as you say.<br/> Your exhibition is constantly in my mind.
      I dreamed about it last night: I can''t remember exactly but I remember stacks
      of pictures and wrapping paper and a conference upstairs. I was terribly busy.
      I think you were somewhere else still painting ... it is all vague, however,
      I don''t think I have it in the right order. I am so pleased you decided upon
      it. You must be, at any rate a little, less worried about the financial side
      of it now Mrs Blackwell has paid up ...<br/> I love you so much, my beauty,
      my rose, my court painter. I love you - you enchant me<br/> I adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 1830
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/2fff78c5-9f73-4306-8e5e-e9d2a2b794fa.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9358759
    median_ratio: 0.9407252
    max_ratio: 0.9528833
    min_ratio: 0.9064748
    total_ratio: 4.6793795
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0904628
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0918448
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1493652
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0371867
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f02_049.jpg

---
