---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f07_009
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65771602
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345032
    user_name: xuelee
    created_at: 1.501875e+09
    started_on: 1.5018723e+09
    ended_on: 1.501875e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:52.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/52.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f07_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501875e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5024166e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018048e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2760.198
    minutes_annotating: 46.0033
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0; rv:52.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/52.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '52'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows Vista
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "[13-8-50]\nBlackheath\nSunday\nDearest Sylvia,\nLast night I
      typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each and found a foolscap envelope
      for them but find this morning I have no stamps. So, I will send you tomorrow
      the poems, and, for today, content myself with this letter.\nMy German lecture
      was quite satisfactory, and included a fine rhetorical passage - purple - on
      the wonderful new Michel Pacher, which I enthusiastically examined. My Worringer
      Form in Gothic notes came in useful at last (Made for the Munich lectures, you
      remember) and, afterwards, one of the audience was about to dash off Zwemmer
      to try and buy it. Charles wants me to do Rembrandt but I resisted and he made
      it Velasquez instead. \nI had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary of the
      S.E.A. (Society For Education in Art): she wonders, it is still provisional,
      at an early stage, and 'subject to the approval of her committee', whether I
      might not be able to edit the society's magazine Athene. The present editor
      is retiring. I should not be paid a salary but would receive , apparently, a
      'gift' of 25 annually.\nI am going to see her next week about it but, of course,
      it is too early to be too confident though iI am flattered at being asked.\nMelville
      told me a little more about Schmanski's death: apparently the aeroplane he was
      in, with other journalists, just exploded in the air. One body, not his, was
      recovered.\nDearest Cat, what of your shoes? I hope they haye arrived safely
      by now. If not tell me and I will go to Chiesman's.\nI am reading News of the
      World: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma but nonetheless it contains much
      that is excellent. Barker's tendency to be hysterically sad is rather a bore
      but I think the book worth reading though not, not in the least, important.
      \nI hope you enjoyed Canterburry. The last time I was there I spent the day
      making vast drawings of the place. I was on my first self-paid, self-supporting
      holiday and it was on the proceeds of my job at the wall-paper exhibition. It
      was a long time ago - before I was a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was
      only tiny. Perhaps, Yawolla was already there, though ...\nThe mirror that fell
      from our window ledge garden: I hunted yesterday in the garden, found it, and
      it now flashes again in its proper place. See how I attend to all the things
      connected with home.\nI hope you will be able to paint soon. I love you so much,\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[13-8-50]<br/>Blackheath<br/>Sunday<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Last
      night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each and found a foolscap
      envelope for them but find this morning I have no stamps. So, I will send you
      tomorrow the poems, and, for today, content myself with this letter.<br/>My
      German lecture was quite satisfactory, and included a fine rhetorical passage
      - purple - on the wonderful new Michel Pacher, which I enthusiastically examined.
      My Worringer Form in Gothic notes came in useful at last (Made for the Munich
      lectures, you remember) and, afterwards, one of the audience was about to dash
      off Zwemmer to try and buy it. Charles wants me to do Rembrandt but I resisted
      and he made it Velasquez instead. <br/>I had a letter from Miss Chick who is
      secretary of the S.E.A. (Society For Education in Art): she wonders, it is still
      provisional, at an early stage, and ''subject to the approval of her committee'',
      whether I might not be able to edit the society''s magazine Athene. The present
      editor is retiring. I should not be paid a salary but would receive , apparently,
      a ''gift'' of 25 annually.<br/>I am going to see her next week about it but,
      of course, it is too early to be too confident though iI am flattered at being
      asked.<br/>Melville told me a little more about Schmanski''s death: apparently
      the aeroplane he was in, with other journalists, just exploded in the air. One
      body, not his, was recovered.<br/>Dearest Cat, what of your shoes? I hope they
      haye arrived safely by now. If not tell me and I will go to Chiesman''s.<br/>I
      am reading News of the World: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma but nonetheless
      it contains much that is excellent. Barker''s tendency to be hysterically sad
      is rather a bore but I think the book worth reading though not, not in the least,
      important. <br/>I hope you enjoyed Canterburry. The last time I was there I
      spent the day making vast drawings of the place. I was on my first self-paid,
      self-supporting holiday and it was on the proceeds of my job at the wall-paper
      exhibition. It was a long time ago - before I was a lion, before I knew Hetty,
      and Lionel was only tiny. Perhaps, Yawolla was already there, though ...<br/>The
      mirror that fell from our window ledge garden: I hunted yesterday in the garden,
      found it, and it now flashes again in its proper place. See how I attend to
      all the things connected with home.<br/>I hope you will be able to paint soon.
      I love you so much,<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2407
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/32a3e542-a36f-436d-9e9f-106eebbe5de7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9643341
    median_ratio: 0.9668566
    max_ratio: 0.9681462
    min_ratio: 0.9553015
    total_ratio: 4.8216707
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0501063
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0518868
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0826542
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0308057
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65961213
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345032
    user_name: not-logged-in-7171a6b7b025474e9fba
    created_at: 1.5020665e+09
    started_on: 1.5020647e+09
    ended_on: 1.5020665e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f07_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501875e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5024166e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1825.4679999
    minutes_annotating: 30.4244667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "                                                                                                                                     [13-8-50]\nBlackheath\n\nDearest
      Sylvia,\n\nLast night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each\nand
      found a foolscap envelope for them but find this morning I \nhave no stamps.
      So, I will send you tomorrow the poems, and,\nfor today, content myself with
      this letter\n\nMy German lecture was quite satisfactory, and included a fine\nrhetorical
      passage - purple - on the wonderful new Michel Pacher,\nwhich I enthusiastically
      examined. My Worringer Form in Gothic\nnotes came in useful at last (Made for
      the Munich lectures, you\nremember ) and, afterwards, one of the audience was
      about to dash\nof to Zwemmer to try and buy it. Charles wants me to give the\nfirst
      three lectures during September, also: he wanted me to\ndo Rembrandt but I resisted
      and he made it Velasquez instead.\n\nI had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary
      of the S.E.A.\n(Society for Education in Art) :  she wonders, it is still provis-\nional,
      art an early stage, and 'subject to the approval of her\ncommittee' , whether
      I might not be able to edit the society's\nmagazine Athene. The present editor
      is retiring. I should\nnot be paid a salary but would receive, apparently, a
      'gift' of\n$25 annually. I am going to see her next week about it but,\nof course,
      it is too early to be too confident though I am flat-\ntered at being asked.\n\nMelville
      told me a little more about Schmanski's death: appar-\nently the aeroplane he
      was in, with other journalists, just ex-\nploded in the air. One body, not his,
      was recovered.\n\nDearest Cat, what of your shoes? I hope they have arrived
      safely\nby now. If not tell me and I will go to Chieseman's.\n\nI am reading
      News of the world: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma\nbut nonetheless it contains
      much that is excellent. Barker's tendency\nto be hysterically sad is rather
      a bore but I think the book worth\nreading though not, not in the least, important.\n\nI
      hope you enjoyed Canterbury. The last time I was there I spent\nthe day making
      vast drawings of the place. I was on my first self-\npaid, self-supporting holiday
      and it was on the proceeds of my job\nat the wall-paper exhibition. It was a
      long time ago - before I\nwas a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only
      tiny. Per-\nhaps, Yawolla was already there, though...\n\nThe mirror that fell
      from our window ledge garden: I hunted yesterday\nin the garden, found it, and
      it now flashes again in its proper place.\nSee how I attend to all the things
      connected with home.\n\nI hope you will be able to paint soon. I love you so
      much,\n                                                                     [unclear][/unclear]\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '                                                                                                                                     [13-8-50]<br/>Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia,<br/><br/>Last night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each<br/>and
      found a foolscap envelope for them but find this morning I <br/>have no stamps.
      So, I will send you tomorrow the poems, and,<br/>for today, content myself with
      this letter<br/><br/>My German lecture was quite satisfactory, and included
      a fine<br/>rhetorical passage - purple - on the wonderful new Michel Pacher,<br/>which
      I enthusiastically examined. My Worringer Form in Gothic<br/>notes came in useful
      at last (Made for the Munich lectures, you<br/>remember ) and, afterwards, one
      of the audience was about to dash<br/>of to Zwemmer to try and buy it. Charles
      wants me to give the<br/>first three lectures during September, also: he wanted
      me to<br/>do Rembrandt but I resisted and he made it Velasquez instead.<br/><br/>I
      had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary of the S.E.A.<br/>(Society for
      Education in Art) :  she wonders, it is still provis-<br/>ional, art an early
      stage, and ''subject to the approval of her<br/>committee'' , whether I might
      not be able to edit the society''s<br/>magazine Athene. The present editor is
      retiring. I should<br/>not be paid a salary but would receive, apparently, a
      ''gift'' of<br/>$25 annually. I am going to see her next week about it but,<br/>of
      course, it is too early to be too confident though I am flat-<br/>tered at being
      asked.<br/><br/>Melville told me a little more about Schmanski''s death: appar-<br/>ently
      the aeroplane he was in, with other journalists, just ex-<br/>ploded in the
      air. One body, not his, was recovered.<br/><br/>Dearest Cat, what of your shoes?
      I hope they have arrived safely<br/>by now. If not tell me and I will go to
      Chieseman''s.<br/><br/>I am reading News of the world: I admire it less than
      Eros in Dogma<br/>but nonetheless it contains much that is excellent. Barker''s
      tendency<br/>to be hysterically sad is rather a bore but I think the book worth<br/>reading
      though not, not in the least, important.<br/><br/>I hope you enjoyed Canterbury.
      The last time I was there I spent<br/>the day making vast drawings of the place.
      I was on my first self-<br/>paid, self-supporting holiday and it was on the
      proceeds of my job<br/>at the wall-paper exhibition. It was a long time ago
      - before I<br/>was a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only tiny. Per-<br/>haps,
      Yawolla was already there, though...<br/><br/>The mirror that fell from our
      window ledge garden: I hunted yesterday<br/>in the garden, found it, and it
      now flashes again in its proper place.<br/>See how I attend to all the things
      connected with home.<br/><br/>I hope you will be able to paint soon. I love
      you so much,<br/>                                                                     <br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2690
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/32a3e542-a36f-436d-9e9f-106eebbe5de7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9814644
    median_ratio: 0.9818747
    max_ratio: 0.9883413
    min_ratio: 0.9745322
    total_ratio: 4.907322
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0501063
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0518868
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0826542
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0308057
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66037812
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345032
    user_name: WiltedLotus
    created_at: 1.5021378e+09
    started_on: 1.5021368e+09
    ended_on: 1.5021378e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f07_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501875e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5024166e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 987.6040001
    minutes_annotating: 16.4600667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |2+
                                                                 [13-8-50]
      Blackheath

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Last night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each and found a foolscap envelope for them but find this morning I have no stamps. So, I will content myself with this letter.

      My German lecture was quite satisfactory, and included a fine rhetorical passage - purple - on the wonderful new Michel Pacher, which I enthusiastically examined. My Worringer Form in Gothic notes came in useful at last (made for the Munich lectures, you remember) and, afterwards, one of the audience was about to dash off to Zwemmer to try and buy it. Charles wants me to give the first three lectures during September, also: he wanted me to do Rembrandt but I resisted and he made it Velasquez instead.

      I had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary of the S.E.A. (Society for Education in Art): she wonders, it is still provis-ional, at an early stage, and 'subject to the approval of her committee', whether I might not be able to edit the society's magazine Athene. The present editor is retiring. I should not be paid a salary, but would receive, apparently, a 'gift' of  25 annually. I am going to see her next week about it but, of course, it is too early to be too confident though I am flat-tered at being asked.

      Melville told me a little more about Schmanski's death: appar-ently the aeroplane he was in, with other journalists, just ex-ploded in the air. One body, not his, was recovered.

      Dearest Cat, what of your shoes? I hope they have arrived safely by now. If not tell me and I will go to Chieseman's.

      I am Reading News of the World: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma but nonetheless it contains much that is excellent. Barker's tendency to be hysterically sad is rather a bore but I think the book worth reading though not, not in the least, important.

      I hope you enjoyed Canterbury. The last time I was there I spent the day making vast drawings of the place. I was on my first self-paid, self-supporting holiday and it was on the proceeds of my job at the wall-paper exhibition. It was a long time ago -  bfore I was a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only tiny. Per-haps, Yawolla was already there, though. . .

      The mirror that fell from our window ledge garden: I hunted yesterday in the garden, found it, and it now flashes again in its proper place. See how I attend to all the things connected with home.

      I hope you will be able to paint soon. I love you so much,
      Lawrence

    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '                                                           [13-8-50]<br/>Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia,<br/><br/>Last night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each
      and found a foolscap envelope for them but find this morning I have no stamps.
      So, I will content myself with this letter.<br/><br/>My German lecture was quite
      satisfactory, and included a fine rhetorical passage - purple - on the wonderful
      new Michel Pacher, which I enthusiastically examined. My Worringer Form in Gothic
      notes came in useful at last (made for the Munich lectures, you remember) and,
      afterwards, one of the audience was about to dash off to Zwemmer to try and
      buy it. Charles wants me to give the first three lectures during September,
      also: he wanted me to do Rembrandt but I resisted and he made it Velasquez instead.<br/><br/>I
      had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary of the S.E.A. (Society for Education
      in Art): she wonders, it is still provis-ional, at an early stage, and ''subject
      to the approval of her committee'', whether I might not be able to edit the
      society''s magazine Athene. The present editor is retiring. I should not be
      paid a salary, but would receive, apparently, a ''gift'' of  25 annually. I
      am going to see her next week about it but, of course, it is too early to be
      too confident though I am flat-tered at being asked.<br/><br/>Melville told
      me a little more about Schmanski''s death: appar-ently the aeroplane he was
      in, with other journalists, just ex-ploded in the air. One body, not his, was
      recovered.<br/><br/>Dearest Cat, what of your shoes? I hope they have arrived
      safely by now. If not tell me and I will go to Chieseman''s.<br/><br/>I am Reading
      News of the World: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma but nonetheless it contains
      much that is excellent. Barker''s tendency to be hysterically sad is rather
      a bore but I think the book worth reading though not, not in the least, important.<br/><br/>I
      hope you enjoyed Canterbury. The last time I was there I spent the day making
      vast drawings of the place. I was on my first self-paid, self-supporting holiday
      and it was on the proceeds of my job at the wall-paper exhibition. It was a
      long time ago -  bfore I was a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only
      tiny. Per-haps, Yawolla was already there, though. . .<br/><br/>The mirror that
      fell from our window ledge garden: I hunted yesterday in the garden, found it,
      and it now flashes again in its proper place. See how I attend to all the things
      connected with home.<br/><br/>I hope you will be able to paint soon. I love
      you so much,<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2503
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/32a3e542-a36f-436d-9e9f-106eebbe5de7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9720918
    median_ratio: 0.9720352
    max_ratio: 0.9791123
    min_ratio: 0.964657
    total_ratio: 4.860459
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0501063
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0518868
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0826542
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0308057
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66101981
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345032
    user_name: mar15ted
    created_at: 1.5022035e+09
    started_on: 1.5022023e+09
    ended_on: 1.5022035e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f07_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501875e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5024166e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5021504e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1191.6759999
    minutes_annotating: 19.8612667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      [13-8-50] Blackheath Sunday
      Dearest Sylvia, Last night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each and found a foolscap envelope for them but find this morning I have no stamps.  So, I will send you tomorrow the poems, and, for today, content myself with this letter.  My German lecture was quite satisfactory, and included a fine rhetorical passage - purple - on the wonderful new Michel Pacher, which I enthusiastically examined.  My Worringer Form in Gothic notes came in useful at last (Made for the Munich lectures, you remember) and, afterwards, one of the audience was about to dash off to Zwemmer to try and buy it.  Charles wants me to give the first three lectures during September, also: he wanted to do Rembrandt but I resisted and he made it Velasquez instead.  I had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary of the S.E.A. (Society for Education in Art): she wonders, it is still provisional, at an early stage, and 'subject to the approval of her committee', whether I might not be able to edit the society's magazine Athene.  The present editor is retiring.  I should not be paid a salary but would receive, apparently, a 'gift' of  pound 25 annually.  I am going to see her next week about it but, of course it is too early to be too confident though I am flattered at being asked.  Melville told me a little more about Schmanski's death: apparently the aeroplane he was in, with other journalists, just exploded in the air.  One body, not his, was recovered.  Dearest Cat, what of your shoes?  I hope they have arrived safely by now.  If not tell me and I will go to Chieseman's.  I am reading News of the World:  I admire it less than Eros in Dogma but nonetheless it contains much that is excellent.  Barker's tendency to be hysterically sad is rather a bore but I think the book worth reading though not, not in the least, important.  I hope you enjoyed Canterbury.  The last time I was there I spent the day making vast drawings of the place.  I was on my first self-paid, self-supporting holiday and it was on the proceeds of my job at the wall-paper exhibition.  It was a long time ago - before I was a Lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only tiny.   Perhaps Yawella was already there though...  The mirror that fell from our window ledge garden:  I hunted yesterday in the garden, found it, and it now flashes again in its proper place.  See how I attend to all the things connected with home.  I hope you will be able to paint soon.  I love you so much  Lawrence
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[13-8-50] Blackheath Sunday<br/>Dearest Sylvia, Last night
      I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each and found a foolscap envelope
      for them but find this morning I have no stamps.  So, I will send you tomorrow
      the poems, and, for today, content myself with this letter.  My German lecture
      was quite satisfactory, and included a fine rhetorical passage - purple - on
      the wonderful new Michel Pacher, which I enthusiastically examined.  My Worringer
      Form in Gothic notes came in useful at last (Made for the Munich lectures, you
      remember) and, afterwards, one of the audience was about to dash off to Zwemmer
      to try and buy it.  Charles wants me to give the first three lectures during
      September, also: he wanted to do Rembrandt but I resisted and he made it Velasquez
      instead.  I had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary of the S.E.A. (Society
      for Education in Art): she wonders, it is still provisional, at an early stage,
      and ''subject to the approval of her committee'', whether I might not be able
      to edit the society''s magazine Athene.  The present editor is retiring.  I
      should not be paid a salary but would receive, apparently, a ''gift'' of  pound
      25 annually.  I am going to see her next week about it but, of course it is
      too early to be too confident though I am flattered at being asked.  Melville
      told me a little more about Schmanski''s death: apparently the aeroplane he
      was in, with other journalists, just exploded in the air.  One body, not his,
      was recovered.  Dearest Cat, what of your shoes?  I hope they have arrived safely
      by now.  If not tell me and I will go to Chieseman''s.  I am reading News of
      the World:  I admire it less than Eros in Dogma but nonetheless it contains
      much that is excellent.  Barker''s tendency to be hysterically sad is rather
      a bore but I think the book worth reading though not, not in the least, important.  I
      hope you enjoyed Canterbury.  The last time I was there I spent the day making
      vast drawings of the place.  I was on my first self-paid, self-supporting holiday
      and it was on the proceeds of my job at the wall-paper exhibition.  It was a
      long time ago - before I was a Lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only
      tiny.   Perhaps Yawella was already there though...  The mirror that fell from
      our window ledge garden:  I hunted yesterday in the garden, found it, and it
      now flashes again in its proper place.  See how I attend to all the things connected
      with home.  I hope you will be able to paint soon.  I love you so much  Lawrence'
    charcount: 2503
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/32a3e542-a36f-436d-9e9f-106eebbe5de7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9860625
    median_ratio: 0.9871726
    max_ratio: 0.9906005
    min_ratio: 0.977131
    total_ratio: 4.9303124
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0501063
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0518868
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0826542
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0308057
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66238015
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345032
    user_name: slicitra
    created_at: 1.502305e+09
    started_on: 1.5023036e+09
    ended_on: 1.5023049e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f07_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501875e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5024166e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5022368e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1303.7179999
    minutes_annotating: 21.7286333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Sunday
      Blackheath

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Last night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each and found a foolscap envelope for them but find this morning I have no stamps. So, I will send you tomorrow the poems, and, for today, content myself with this letter.

      My German lecture was quite satisfactory, and included a fine rhetorical passage - purple - on the wonderful new Michael Pacher, which I enthusiastically examined. My Worringer Form in Gothic notes came in useful at last (Made for the Munich lectures, you remember) and, afterwards, one of the audience was about to dash off to Zwemmer to try and buy it. Charles wants me to give the first three lectures during September, also: he wanted me to do Rembrandt but I resisted and he made it Velasquez instead.

      I had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary of the S.EA. (Society of Education in Art): she wonders, it is still provisional, at, an early stage, and 'subject to the approval of her committee', whether I might not be able to edit the society's magazine Athene. The present editor is retiring. I should not be paid a salary but would receive, apparently, a 'gift' of 25 annually. I am going to see her next week about it but, of course, it is too early to be too confident though I am flattered at being asked.

      Melville told me a little more about Schmanski's death: apparently the aeroplane he was in, with other journalists, just exploded in the air. One body, not his was recovered.

      Dearest Cat, what of your shoes? I hope they have arrived safely by now. If not tell me and i will go to Chieseman's.

      I am reading News of the World: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma but nonetheless it contains much that is excellent. Barker's tendency to be hysterically sad is rather a bore but I think the book worth reading though not, not in the least, important.

      I hope you enjoyed Canterbury. The last time I was there I spent the day making vast drawings of the place. I was on my first self-paid, self-supporting holiday and it was on the proceeds of my job at the wall-paper exhibition. It was a long time ago - before I was a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only tiny. Perhaps, Yawolla was already there, though...

      The mirror that fell from our window ledge garden: I hunted yesterday in the garden, found it, and it now flashes again in its proper place. See how I attend to all the things connected with home.

      I hope you will be able to paint soon. I love you so much,
      Lawrence

      [13-8-50]
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Sunday<br/>Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Last
      night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each and found a foolscap
      envelope for them but find this morning I have no stamps. So, I will send you
      tomorrow the poems, and, for today, content myself with this letter.<br/><br/>My
      German lecture was quite satisfactory, and included a fine rhetorical passage
      - purple - on the wonderful new Michael Pacher, which I enthusiastically examined.
      My Worringer Form in Gothic notes came in useful at last (Made for the Munich
      lectures, you remember) and, afterwards, one of the audience was about to dash
      off to Zwemmer to try and buy it. Charles wants me to give the first three lectures
      during September, also: he wanted me to do Rembrandt but I resisted and he made
      it Velasquez instead.<br/><br/>I had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary
      of the S.EA. (Society of Education in Art): she wonders, it is still provisional,
      at, an early stage, and ''subject to the approval of her committee'', whether
      I might not be able to edit the society''s magazine Athene. The present editor
      is retiring. I should not be paid a salary but would receive, apparently, a
      ''gift'' of 25 annually. I am going to see her next week about it but, of course,
      it is too early to be too confident though I am flattered at being asked.<br/><br/>Melville
      told me a little more about Schmanski''s death: apparently the aeroplane he
      was in, with other journalists, just exploded in the air. One body, not his
      was recovered.<br/><br/>Dearest Cat, what of your shoes? I hope they have arrived
      safely by now. If not tell me and i will go to Chieseman''s.<br/><br/>I am reading
      News of the World: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma but nonetheless it contains
      much that is excellent. Barker''s tendency to be hysterically sad is rather
      a bore but I think the book worth reading though not, not in the least, important.<br/><br/>I
      hope you enjoyed Canterbury. The last time I was there I spent the day making
      vast drawings of the place. I was on my first self-paid, self-supporting holiday
      and it was on the proceeds of my job at the wall-paper exhibition. It was a
      long time ago - before I was a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only
      tiny. Perhaps, Yawolla was already there, though...<br/><br/>The mirror that
      fell from our window ledge garden: I hunted yesterday in the garden, found it,
      and it now flashes again in its proper place. See how I attend to all the things
      connected with home.<br/><br/>I hope you will be able to paint soon. I love
      you so much,<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>[13-8-50]'
    charcount: 2485
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/32a3e542-a36f-436d-9e9f-106eebbe5de7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9862531
    median_ratio: 0.9839461
    max_ratio: 0.990991
    min_ratio: 0.9823624
    total_ratio: 4.9312656
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0501063
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0518868
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0826542
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0308057
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66409456
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345032
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5024166e+09
    started_on: 1.5024154e+09
    ended_on: 1.5024166e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f07_009.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.501875e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5024166e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5024096e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1248.04
    minutes_annotating: 20.8006667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "13-2-50  Sunday  Blackheath  Dearest Sylvia,\n\nLast night I
      typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each\nand found a foolscap envelope
      for them but find this morning I\nhave no stamps.  So, I will send you tomorrow
      the poems, and, for today, content myself with this letter.\n\nMy German lecture
      was quite satisfactory, and included a fine\nrhetorical passage - purple - on
      the wonderful new Michel Pacher,\nwhich I enthusiastically examined.  My Worringer
      Form in Gothic\nnotes came in useful at last (Made for the Munich lectures,
      you\nremember) and, afterwords, one of the audience was about to dash\noff to
      Zwemmer to try and but it.  Charles wants me to give the\nfirst three lectures
      during September, also: he wanted me to \ndo Rembrandt but I resisted and he
      made it Velasquez instead.\n\nI had a letter from Miss Chick who is secretary
      of the S.E.A.\n(Society Education in Art): she wonders, it is still provis-\nional,
      at an early stage, and 'subject to the approval of her\ncommittee, whether I
      might not be able to edit the society's\nmagazine Athene.  The present editor
      is retiring.  I should\nnot be paid a salery but would receive apparently a
      'gift' of\n25 annually.  I am going to we her next week about it but,\nof course,
      it is too early to be too confident though I am flat-\ntered at being asked.\n\nMelville
      told me a little more about Schmanski's death: appar-\nently the aeroplane he
      was in, with other journalists, just ex-\nploded in the air.  One body, not
      his, was recovered.\n\nDearest Cat, what of your shoes?  I hope they have arrived
      safely\nby now.  If not tell me and I will go to Chieseman's.\n\nI am reading
      News of the World: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma\nbut nonetheless it contains
      much that is excellent.  Barker's tendency\nto be hysterically sad is rather
      a bore but I think the book worth\nreading though not, not in the least important.\n\nI
      hope you enjoyed Canterbury.  The last time I was there I spent\nthe day making
      vast drawings of the place.  I was on my first self-\npaid, self-supporting
      holiday and it was on the procedes of my job\nat the wall-paper exhibition.
      \ It was a long time ago - before I\nwas a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel
      was only tiny.  Per-\nhaps, Yawolla was already there, though...\n\nThe mirrow
      that fell from our window ledge garden:  I hunted yesterday\nin the garden,
      found it, and it now flashes again in its proper place.\nSee how I attend to
      all the things connected with home.\n\nI hope you will be able to paint soon.
      \ I love you so much.\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '13-2-50  Sunday  Blackheath  Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Last
      night I typed out two new poems of one hundred lines each<br/>and found a foolscap
      envelope for them but find this morning I<br/>have no stamps.  So, I will send
      you tomorrow the poems, and, for today, content myself with this letter.<br/><br/>My
      German lecture was quite satisfactory, and included a fine<br/>rhetorical passage
      - purple - on the wonderful new Michel Pacher,<br/>which I enthusiastically
      examined.  My Worringer Form in Gothic<br/>notes came in useful at last (Made
      for the Munich lectures, you<br/>remember) and, afterwords, one of the audience
      was about to dash<br/>off to Zwemmer to try and but it.  Charles wants me to
      give the<br/>first three lectures during September, also: he wanted me to <br/>do
      Rembrandt but I resisted and he made it Velasquez instead.<br/><br/>I had a
      letter from Miss Chick who is secretary of the S.E.A.<br/>(Society Education
      in Art): she wonders, it is still provis-<br/>ional, at an early stage, and
      ''subject to the approval of her<br/>committee, whether I might not be able
      to edit the society''s<br/>magazine Athene.  The present editor is retiring.  I
      should<br/>not be paid a salery but would receive apparently a ''gift'' of<br/>25
      annually.  I am going to we her next week about it but,<br/>of course, it is
      too early to be too confident though I am flat-<br/>tered at being asked.<br/><br/>Melville
      told me a little more about Schmanski''s death: appar-<br/>ently the aeroplane
      he was in, with other journalists, just ex-<br/>ploded in the air.  One body,
      not his, was recovered.<br/><br/>Dearest Cat, what of your shoes?  I hope they
      have arrived safely<br/>by now.  If not tell me and I will go to Chieseman''s.<br/><br/>I
      am reading News of the World: I admire it less than Eros in Dogma<br/>but nonetheless
      it contains much that is excellent.  Barker''s tendency<br/>to be hysterically
      sad is rather a bore but I think the book worth<br/>reading though not, not
      in the least important.<br/><br/>I hope you enjoyed Canterbury.  The last time
      I was there I spent<br/>the day making vast drawings of the place.  I was on
      my first self-<br/>paid, self-supporting holiday and it was on the procedes
      of my job<br/>at the wall-paper exhibition.  It was a long time ago - before
      I<br/>was a lion, before I knew Hetty, and Lionel was only tiny.  Per-<br/>haps,
      Yawolla was already there, though...<br/><br/>The mirrow that fell from our
      window ledge garden:  I hunted yesterday<br/>in the garden, found it, and it
      now flashes again in its proper place.<br/>See how I attend to all the things
      connected with home.<br/><br/>I hope you will be able to paint soon.  I love
      you so much.<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2504
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/32a3e542-a36f-436d-9e9f-106eebbe5de7.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9757486
    median_ratio: 0.9775457
    max_ratio: 0.9802905
    min_ratio: 0.9700695
    total_ratio: 4.8787432
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0501063
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0518868
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0826542
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0308057
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.6666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f07_009.jpg

---
