---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_032
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65419682
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931625
    user_name: sue.hancock3ntlworld.com
    created_at: 1.5016779e+09
    started_on: 1.5016738e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016779e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 7.0; SAMSUNG SM-T810 Build/NRD90M) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) SamsungBrowser/5.2 Chrome/51.0.2704.106 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_032.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016779e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5029137e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 4076.947
    minutes_annotating: 67.9491167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 7.0; SAMSUNG SM-T810 Build/NRD90M) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) SamsungBrowser/5.2 Chrome/51.0.2704.106 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Samsung Internet
    ua.major: '5'
    ua.minor: '2'
    os.family: Android
    os.major: '7'
    os.minor: '0'
    device.family: Samsung SM-T810
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: Samsung
    device.model: SM-T810
    annotation_text: "[Onism]. We, and not the [callalies], reject death And do you
      not think that fantasies about the next world are only an expression of the
      will to death, spelling as it were to a narrative sense? I am not [who] there
      would be a marked change in the behaviour of R. C IS if they accepted death
      as final, for hedonism is just as likely to be vicious and power seeing. Materialism
      is in fact, alas, an end of neurosis and delusion. And only the fairly non-neurotic
      can be materialist. In all the [words] I see no resolution as you seem to.  I
      wish to share your opinion, but caution and indifference to the fate of those
      [insane] I do not love, make me pessimistic. \nI wish these words of mine could
      be inscribed on the hem of Belle's gown as yours were or over hunched contrit
      \ [hete] as he suppresses his animal nature in the garden. Or perhaps on the
      white sky over the terrace where Belle and [Bete] conversed and walked. Or over
      the [swashing], watchful [caryated]. But simply blue on white must suffice.
      As I look back at the previous page I fear that my writing is very difficult
      to decipher, but I hope you are used to it by now, and anyway your sharp eyes...\nSitting
      here in the garden under an arch of roses I need not tell you of the nature
      of my thoughts. As I look up I see the clusters of red against a very blue sky.
      Some of the flowers have withered and are pale, crisp, pink-purple in contrast
      to the mature ones which strive to compete with their sister in Pett. Braque
      put a picture of his in a cornfield to see if it could compete with nature.i
      have just raised your rose toward the red and green arch. I take off my sunglasses
      so there shall be no mistake and i see your roseis not abated in the least,
      darling.\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[Onism]. We, and not the [callalies], reject death And do
      you not think that fantasies about the next world are only an expression of
      the will to death, spelling as it were to a narrative sense? I am not [who]
      there would be a marked change in the behaviour of R. C IS if they accepted
      death as final, for hedonism is just as likely to be vicious and power seeing.
      Materialism is in fact, alas, an end of neurosis and delusion. And only the
      fairly non-neurotic can be materialist. In all the [words] I see no resolution
      as you seem to.  I wish to share your opinion, but caution and indifference
      to the fate of those [insane] I do not love, make me pessimistic. <br/>I wish
      these words of mine could be inscribed on the hem of Belle''s gown as yours
      were or over hunched contrit  [hete] as he suppresses his animal nature in the
      garden. Or perhaps on the white sky over the terrace where Belle and [Bete]
      conversed and walked. Or over the [swashing], watchful [caryated]. But simply
      blue on white must suffice. As I look back at the previous page I fear that
      my writing is very difficult to decipher, but I hope you are used to it by now,
      and anyway your sharp eyes...<br/>Sitting here in the garden under an arch of
      roses I need not tell you of the nature of my thoughts. As I look up I see the
      clusters of red against a very blue sky. Some of the flowers have withered and
      are pale, crisp, pink-purple in contrast to the mature ones which strive to
      compete with their sister in Pett. Braque put a picture of his in a cornfield
      to see if it could compete with nature.i have just raised your rose toward the
      red and green arch. I take off my sunglasses so there shall be no mistake and
      i see your roseis not abated in the least, darling.<br/>'
    charcount: 1729
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/631aab69-0fc6-4f1a-834d-bc951a088d35.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8159431
    median_ratio: 0.8136729
    max_ratio: 0.8241688
    min_ratio: 0.8121406
    total_ratio: 4.0797155
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.17626
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1728571
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2965616
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0777126
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65450370
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931625
    user_name: anneonthelake
    created_at: 1.5016888e+09
    started_on: 1.5016859e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016888e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_5) AppleWebKit/603.2.4
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.1 Safari/603.2.4
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_032.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016779e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5029137e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2876.6760001
    minutes_annotating: 47.9446
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_5) AppleWebKit/603.2.4
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.1 Safari/603.2.4
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '1'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "onism. We, are not Catholics, reject death. And do you not think
      that fantasies about the next world are only an expression of the will to deal
      appealing as it were to a narrative sense? (I am not sure there would be a marked
      change in the behavior of R.C.'s if they accepted death as final, for hedonism
      is just as likely to be vicious and power-seeking. Materialism is not, alas,
      and end of neurosis and delusion. And only the fairly non-neurotic can be materialist.
      In afterward I see no solution as you seem to. I wish to share your opinion,
      but caution, and indifference to the fate of those I do not love make me pessimistic.\n\nI
      wish these words of mine could be inscribed on the hem of Belle's gown (as yours
      were) or over the hundred contrite Bete as he suppresses his animal nature in
      the garden. Or perhaps on the white sky over the terrace where Belle and Bete
      conversed and walked. Or over the waking, watchful caryatid. But simply blue
      on white must suffice. As I look back at the previous page I fear that my writing
      is very difficult to decipher, but I hope that you are used to it by now, and
      anyway your sharp eyes...\n\nSitting here in the garden under an arch of roses
      I need not tell you the nature of my thoughts. As I look up I see the clusters
      of red against a very blue sky. Some of the flowers have withered and are a
      pale, crisp, pins? [/unclear]- purple in contrast to the mature ones which strive
      to compete with their sister in Pett.  Braque put a picture of his in a corn-field
      to see if it could compete with nature. I have just raised your rose toward
      the red and green arch. I take off my sun-glasses so there shall be no mistake
      and I see your rose is not abated in the least, darling. \n\nClifford, \"yoveay?[unclear][/unclear]\"
      is pro-existentialist. I am rather surprised. I felt sure he would treat it
      as \"aratler?\"[/unclear] symptom. Would I had been there when you defended
      our first interpretation of Les Jeux sont faits. I fear I should have been your
      accomplice - against Sartre whom I, in many ways, admire.\n N.P."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: onism. We, are not Catholics, reject death. And do you not
      think that fantasies about the next world are only an expression of the will
      to deal appealing as it were to a narrative sense? (I am not sure there would
      be a marked change in the behavior of R.C.'s if they accepted death as final,
      for hedonism is just as likely to be vicious and power-seeking. Materialism
      is not, alas, and end of neurosis and delusion. And only the fairly non-neurotic
      can be materialist. In afterward I see no solution as you seem to. I wish to
      share your opinion, but caution, and indifference to the fate of those I do
      not love make me pessimistic.<br/><br/>I wish these words of mine could be inscribed
      on the hem of Belle's gown (as yours were) or over the hundred contrite Bete
      as he suppresses his animal nature in the garden. Or perhaps on the white sky
      over the terrace where Belle and Bete conversed and walked. Or over the waking,
      watchful caryatid. But simply blue on white must suffice. As I look back at
      the previous page I fear that my writing is very difficult to decipher, but
      I hope that you are used to it by now, and anyway your sharp eyes...<br/><br/>Sitting
      here in the garden under an arch of roses I need not tell you the nature of
      my thoughts. As I look up I see the clusters of red against a very blue sky.
      Some of the flowers have withered and are a pale, crisp, pins? - purple in contrast
      to the mature ones which strive to compete with their sister in Pett.  Braque
      put a picture of his in a corn-field to see if it could compete with nature.
      I have just raised your rose toward the red and green arch. I take off my sun-glasses
      so there shall be no mistake and I see your rose is not abated in the least,
      darling. <br/><br/>Clifford, "yoveay?" is pro-existentialist. I am rather surprised.
      I felt sure he would treat it as "aratler?" symptom. Would I had been there
      when you defended our first interpretation of Les Jeux sont faits. I fear I
      should have been your accomplice - against Sartre whom I, in many ways, admire.<br/>
      N.P.
    charcount: 2013
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/631aab69-0fc6-4f1a-834d-bc951a088d35.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9451838
    median_ratio: 0.9450479
    max_ratio: 0.9578005
    min_ratio: 0.9318862
    total_ratio: 4.7259188
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.17626
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1728571
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2965616
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0777126
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65463852
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931625
    user_name: not-logged-in-f735c31be39f9a343e9f
    created_at: 1.5016931e+09
    started_on: 1.5016915e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016931e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_032.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016779e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5029137e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1616.1880002
    minutes_annotating: 26.9364667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      II
      onism. We, and not the catholics, reject death. And do you not
      think that phantasies about the next world are only an express-
      ion of the will to death, appealing as it were to a narrative sense?

      I am not sure there would be a marked change in
      the behavior of R. C.s if they accepted death as final, for hedon-
      ism is just as likely to be vicious and power-seeking. Material-
      ism is not, alas, an end of neurosis and delusion. And only
      the fairly non-neurotic can be materialist. In other
      words I see no solution as you seem to. I wish to share your
      opinion, but caution, and indifference to the fate of those whom
      I do not love, make me pessimistic.

      I wish these words of mine could be inscribed on the
      hem of Belle's gown as yours were or over the hunched contrite bete as he
      suppresses his animal nature in the garden, Or perhaps on
      the white sky over the terrace where Belle and Bete convened
      and walked. Or over the [unclear]waking[/unclear], watchful, caryatid. But
      simply blue on white must suffice. As I look back at
      the previous page I fear that my writing is very difficult
      to decipher, but I hope you are used to it by now, and
      anyway your sharp eyes...

      Sitting here in the garden under an arch of roses I
      need not tell you of the nature of my thoughts. As I look
      up I see the clusters of red against a very blue sky. Some
      of the flowers have withered and are a pale, crisp, pink-purp-
      le in contrast to the mature ones which strive to compete
      with their sister in Pett. Braque put a picture of his in
      a corn-field to see if it could compete with nature.
      I have just raised your nose toward the red and green arch.
      I take off my sun-glasses so there shall be no mistake and
      I see your nose is not abated in the least, darling.

      Clifford, you say, is pro-existentialist. I am rather
      surprised. I felt sure he would treat it as another
      symptom. Would I had been there when you defended my
      first interpretation of Les Jeux Sont Faits. I fear I should
      have been your accomplice - against Sartre whom I, in many
      ways, admire.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: II<br/>onism. We, and not the catholics, reject death. And
      do you not<br/>think that phantasies about the next world are only an express-<br/>ion
      of the will to death, appealing as it were to a narrative sense?<br/><br/>I
      am not sure there would be a marked change in<br/>the behavior of R. C.s if
      they accepted death as final, for hedon-<br/>ism is just as likely to be vicious
      and power-seeking. Material-<br/>ism is not, alas, an end of neurosis and delusion.
      And only<br/>the fairly non-neurotic can be materialist. In other<br/>words
      I see no solution as you seem to. I wish to share your<br/>opinion, but caution,
      and indifference to the fate of those whom<br/>I do not love, make me pessimistic.<br/><br/>I
      wish these words of mine could be inscribed on the<br/>hem of Belle's gown as
      yours were or over the hunched contrite bete as he<br/>suppresses his animal
      nature in the garden, Or perhaps on<br/>the white sky over the terrace where
      Belle and Bete convened<br/>and walked. Or over the waking, watchful, caryatid.
      But<br/>simply blue on white must suffice. As I look back at<br/>the previous
      page I fear that my writing is very difficult<br/>to decipher, but I hope you
      are used to it by now, and<br/>anyway your sharp eyes...<br/><br/>Sitting here
      in the garden under an arch of roses I<br/>need not tell you of the nature of
      my thoughts. As I look<br/>up I see the clusters of red against a very blue
      sky. Some<br/>of the flowers have withered and are a pale, crisp, pink-purp-<br/>le
      in contrast to the mature ones which strive to compete<br/>with their sister
      in Pett. Braque put a picture of his in<br/>a corn-field to see if it could
      compete with nature.<br/>I have just raised your nose toward the red and green
      arch.<br/>I take off my sun-glasses so there shall be no mistake and<br/>I see
      your nose is not abated in the least, darling.<br/><br/>Clifford, you say, is
      pro-existentialist. I am rather<br/>surprised. I felt sure he would treat it
      as another<br/>symptom. Would I had been there when you defended my<br/>first
      interpretation of Les Jeux Sont Faits. I fear I should<br/>have been your accomplice
      - against Sartre whom I, in many<br/>ways, admire.<br/>
    charcount: 2019
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/631aab69-0fc6-4f1a-834d-bc951a088d35.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9458518
    median_ratio: 0.943131
    max_ratio: 0.9618806
    min_ratio: 0.9356568
    total_ratio: 4.7292591
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.17626
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1728571
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2965616
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0777126
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66029523
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931625
    user_name: Frosty1
    created_at: 1.5021322e+09
    started_on: 1.5021293e+09
    ended_on: 1.5021322e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/52.0.2743.116 Safari/537.36 Edge/15.15063
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_032.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016779e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5029137e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502064e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 2900.4370003
    minutes_annotating: 48.3406167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/52.0.2743.116 Safari/537.36 Edge/15.15063
    ua.family: Edge
    ua.major: '15'
    ua.minor: '15063'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      onism. We, and not the Catholics, reject death. And do you not think that phantasies about the next world are only an expression of the will to death, appealing as it were to a narrative sense? [ I am not sure there would be a marked change in the behaviour of R. C.'s if they accepted death as final, for hedonism is just as likely to be vicious and power - seeking. Materialism is not, alas, an end of neurosis and delusion. And only the fairly non - neurotic can be materialist. In afterwards I see no solution as you seem to. I wish to share your opinion, but caution, and indifference to the fate of those whom I do not love, make me pessimistic.
             I wish these words of mine could be inscribed on the hem of Belle's gown as yours were as ones the hunched contrite fete as he suppresses his animal nature in the garden. Or perhaps on the white sky ones tee terrace where Belle and Bete conversed and walked. Or over the [unclear] smoking [/unclear], watchful caryatid. But simply blue on white must suffice. As I look back at the previous page I fear that my writing is very difficult to decipher, but I hope that you are used to it by now, and anyway your sharp eyes ...
            Sitting here in the garden under an arch of roses I need not tell you of the nature of my thoughts. As I look up I see the clusters of red against a very blue sky. Some of the flowers have withered and are pale, crisp, pins-purple in contrast to mature ones which strive to compete with their sister in Pett. Braque put a picture of his in a corn-field to see if it could compete with nature. I have just raised your rose toward the red and green arcs. I take off my sun-glasses so there shall be no mistake and I see your rose is not abated in the least, darling.
             Clifford, you say, is pro-existentialist. I am rather surprised. I felt sure he would treat it as [unclear] arotles [/unclear] symptom. Would I had been there when you defended our first interpretation of Les jeux sont fait. I fear I should hyave been your accomplice - against Satre whom I, in many ways, admire.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: onism. We, and not the Catholics, reject death. And do you
      not think that phantasies about the next world are only an expression of the
      will to death, appealing as it were to a narrative sense? [ I am not sure there
      would be a marked change in the behaviour of R. C.'s if they accepted death
      as final, for hedonism is just as likely to be vicious and power - seeking.
      Materialism is not, alas, an end of neurosis and delusion. And only the fairly
      non - neurotic can be materialist. In afterwards I see no solution as you seem
      to. I wish to share your opinion, but caution, and indifference to the fate
      of those whom I do not love, make me pessimistic.<br/>       I wish these words
      of mine could be inscribed on the hem of Belle's gown as yours were as ones
      the hunched contrite fete as he suppresses his animal nature in the garden.
      Or perhaps on the white sky ones tee terrace where Belle and Bete conversed
      and walked. Or over the  smoking , watchful caryatid. But simply blue on white
      must suffice. As I look back at the previous page I fear that my writing is
      very difficult to decipher, but I hope that you are used to it by now, and anyway
      your sharp eyes ...<br/>      Sitting here in the garden under an arch of roses
      I need not tell you of the nature of my thoughts. As I look up I see the clusters
      of red against a very blue sky. Some of the flowers have withered and are pale,
      crisp, pins-purple in contrast to mature ones which strive to compete with their
      sister in Pett. Braque put a picture of his in a corn-field to see if it could
      compete with nature. I have just raised your rose toward the red and green arcs.
      I take off my sun-glasses so there shall be no mistake and I see your rose is
      not abated in the least, darling.<br/>       Clifford, you say, is pro-existentialist.
      I am rather surprised. I felt sure he would treat it as  arotles  symptom. Would
      I had been there when you defended our first interpretation of Les jeux sont
      fait. I fear I should hyave been your accomplice - against Satre whom I, in
      many ways, admire.
    charcount: 2035
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/631aab69-0fc6-4f1a-834d-bc951a088d35.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9467967
    median_ratio: 0.9467607
    max_ratio: 0.9593393
    min_ratio: 0.9348802
    total_ratio: 4.7339833
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.17626
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1728571
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2965616
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0777126
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66494435
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931625
    user_name: Chris5420
    created_at: 1.502477e+09
    started_on: 1.5024718e+09
    ended_on: 1.502477e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_032.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016779e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5029137e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5024096e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 5235.3999999
    minutes_annotating: 87.2566667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "II\nonism. We, and not the Catholics, reject death. And do you
      not\nthink that phantasies about the next world are only an express-\nion of
      the will to death, appealing as it were to a narrative\nsense? I am not sure
      there would be a marked change in\nthe behaviour of R.C.s if they accepted death
      as final, for hedon-\nism is just as likely to be vicious and power-seeking.
      Material-\nism is not, alas, and end of neurosis and delusion. And only\nthe
      fairly non-neurotic can be materialistic. In other\nwords I see no solution
      as you seem to. I wish to share your\nopinion, but caution, and indifference
      to the date of [unclear]their[/unclear] plan\nI do not love, make me pessimistic.\nI
      wish these words of mine could be inscribed on the \nhem of Belle's gown as
      yours were as over the hunched contrite hate as he\nsuppresses his animal nature
      in the garden. or perhaps on\nthe white sky over the terrace where Belle and
      Bete conversed\nand walked. or over the [unclear]smoking[/unclear],\nwatchful
      caryatid. But\nsimply blue on white must suffice. As I look back at\nthe previous
      page I fear that my writing is very difficult\nto decipher, but I hope that
      you are used to it by now, and\nanyway your sharp eyes...\nSitting here in the
      garden under an arch of roses I\nneed not tell you of the nature of my thoughts.
      As I look\nup I see the clusters of red against a very blue sky. Some\nof the
      flowers have withered and are a pale, crisp, red & purp-\nle in contrast to
      the mature ones which strive to compete\nwith their sister in Pett. Braque put
      a picture of his in\na corn-field to see if it could compete with nature.\nI
      have just raised your rose toward the red and green arch.\nI take off my sun-glasses
      so there shall be no mistake and\nI see your rose is not abated in the least,
      darling.\nClifford, you say, is pro-existentialist. I am rather\nsurprised.
      I felt sure he would treat it as another\nsymptom. Would I had been there when
      you defended our\nfirst interpretation of Les Jeux Sont Faits. I fear I should\nhave
      been your accomplice - against Sartre whom I, in many\nways, admire."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: II<br/>onism. We, and not the Catholics, reject death. And
      do you not<br/>think that phantasies about the next world are only an express-<br/>ion
      of the will to death, appealing as it were to a narrative<br/>sense? I am not
      sure there would be a marked change in<br/>the behaviour of R.C.s if they accepted
      death as final, for hedon-<br/>ism is just as likely to be vicious and power-seeking.
      Material-<br/>ism is not, alas, and end of neurosis and delusion. And only<br/>the
      fairly non-neurotic can be materialistic. In other<br/>words I see no solution
      as you seem to. I wish to share your<br/>opinion, but caution, and indifference
      to the date of their plan<br/>I do not love, make me pessimistic.<br/>I wish
      these words of mine could be inscribed on the <br/>hem of Belle's gown as yours
      were as over the hunched contrite hate as he<br/>suppresses his animal nature
      in the garden. or perhaps on<br/>the white sky over the terrace where Belle
      and Bete conversed<br/>and walked. or over the smoking,<br/>watchful caryatid.
      But<br/>simply blue on white must suffice. As I look back at<br/>the previous
      page I fear that my writing is very difficult<br/>to decipher, but I hope that
      you are used to it by now, and<br/>anyway your sharp eyes...<br/>Sitting here
      in the garden under an arch of roses I<br/>need not tell you of the nature of
      my thoughts. As I look<br/>up I see the clusters of red against a very blue
      sky. Some<br/>of the flowers have withered and are a pale, crisp, red & purp-<br/>le
      in contrast to the mature ones which strive to compete<br/>with their sister
      in Pett. Braque put a picture of his in<br/>a corn-field to see if it could
      compete with nature.<br/>I have just raised your rose toward the red and green
      arch.<br/>I take off my sun-glasses so there shall be no mistake and<br/>I see
      your rose is not abated in the least, darling.<br/>Clifford, you say, is pro-existentialist.
      I am rather<br/>surprised. I felt sure he would treat it as another<br/>symptom.
      Would I had been there when you defended our<br/>first interpretation of Les
      Jeux Sont Faits. I fear I should<br/>have been your accomplice - against Sartre
      whom I, in many<br/>ways, admire.
    charcount: 2026
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/631aab69-0fc6-4f1a-834d-bc951a088d35.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9485691
    median_ratio: 0.9518922
    max_ratio: 0.9661125
    min_ratio: 0.9311377
    total_ratio: 4.7428457
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.17626
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1728571
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2965616
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0777126
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67160786
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931625
    user_name: slicitra
    created_at: 1.5029137e+09
    started_on: 1.5028945e+09
    ended_on: 1.5029137e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_032.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016779e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5029137e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5028416e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 19248.1800001
    minutes_annotating: 320.803
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      onism. We, are not the [unclear][/unclear], reject death. And do you not think that phantasies about the next world are only an expression of the will to death, appealing as it were to a narrative sense? [I am not sure there would be a marked large in the behavior of R.C. if they accepted death as final, for [unclear]hedonism[/unclear] is just as likely to be viscious and power-seeking. Materialism is not, alas, an end of neurosis and delusion. And only the fairly non-[unclear][/unclear] can be materialist. In afterwards I see no solution as you seem to. I wish to share your opinion, but caution, and indifference to the [unclear]late[/unclear] of those whom I do not love, make me pessimistic.
      I wish the words of mine could be inscribed on the hem of Belle's  gown or over the hunched [unclear][/unclear] here as he suppresses his animal nature in the garden. Or perhaps on the white sky over the terrace wwhere Belle and [unclear][/unclear] conversed and walked. Or over the smoking, watchful [unclear][/unclear]. But simply blue on white must suffice. As I look back at the precious page I fear that my writing is very difficult to decipher, but I hope you are used to it by now, and [unclear]anyway[/unclear] your sharp eyes...
      Sitting here in the garden under an arch of roses I need not tell you of the anture of my thoughts. As I look up I see the clusters of red against a very blue sky. Some of the flowers have withered and are a pale, crisp, [unclear][/unclear]-purple in contrast to the mature ones which strive to compete with their [unclear][/unclear] in Pett. Braque put a picture of his in a corn-field to see if it could compete with nature. I have just raised your rose toward the red and green arch. I take off my sun-glasses so there shall be no mistake and I see your rose is not [unclear]abated[/unclear] in the least, darling.
      Clifford, you say is pro-existenialist. I am rather surprised. I felt sure he would treat it as another symptom. Would I had been there when you defended our first interpretation of his sense [unclear][/unclear]. I fear I should have been your accomplice - against [unclear][/unclear] whom I, in many ways admire.

      N.P.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 13
    clean_transcription: onism. We, are not the , reject death. And do you not think
      that phantasies about the next world are only an expression of the will to death,
      appealing as it were to a narrative sense? [I am not sure there would be a marked
      large in the behavior of R.C. if they accepted death as final, for hedonism
      is just as likely to be viscious and power-seeking. Materialism is not, alas,
      an end of neurosis and delusion. And only the fairly non- can be materialist.
      In afterwards I see no solution as you seem to. I wish to share your opinion,
      but caution, and indifference to the late of those whom I do not love, make
      me pessimistic.<br/>I wish the words of mine could be inscribed on the hem of
      Belle's  gown or over the hunched  here as he suppresses his animal nature in
      the garden. Or perhaps on the white sky over the terrace wwhere Belle and  conversed
      and walked. Or over the smoking, watchful . But simply blue on white must suffice.
      As I look back at the precious page I fear that my writing is very difficult
      to decipher, but I hope you are used to it by now, and anyway your sharp eyes...<br/>Sitting
      here in the garden under an arch of roses I need not tell you of the anture
      of my thoughts. As I look up I see the clusters of red against a very blue sky.
      Some of the flowers have withered and are a pale, crisp, -purple in contrast
      to the mature ones which strive to compete with their  in Pett. Braque put a
      picture of his in a corn-field to see if it could compete with nature. I have
      just raised your rose toward the red and green arch. I take off my sun-glasses
      so there shall be no mistake and I see your rose is not abated in the least,
      darling.<br/>Clifford, you say is pro-existenialist. I am rather surprised.
      I felt sure he would treat it as another symptom. Would I had been there when
      you defended our first interpretation of his sense . I fear I should have been
      your accomplice - against  whom I, in many ways admire.<br/><br/>N.P.
    charcount: 1930
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/631aab69-0fc6-4f1a-834d-bc951a088d35.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.8962446
    median_ratio: 0.8939297
    max_ratio: 0.9021601
    min_ratio: 0.8907186
    total_ratio: 4.481223
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.17626
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1728571
    max_dissimilarity: 0.2965616
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0777126
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_032.jpg

---
