---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f07_013
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 72038128
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249809
    user_name: the3esses
    created_at: 1.5065367e+09
    started_on: 1.5065358e+09
    ended_on: 1.5065367e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f07_013.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5065367e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5068568e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5064704e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 880.4899998
    minutes_annotating: 14.6748333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      19th July
      Dearest Sylvia:
      How are you? I do hope that you are not anxious or exasperated with either the Woods or Michael? I thought of you yesterday with the Woods returning. I hope that M and they get on smoothly together. Let me have all the news. Is M making a good Christ? I am sure it is just the role for him, in his recent mood of suffering. And Rye? Have you got there yet?
      I have finished Angus Wilson, and I must say I adored it. I don't agree with the Woods that the end compromised but I don't think it a very good ending either. I feel that he had to wind things up somehow and though some of the last two chapters was good I felt it less vivid than the rest of the book. But, as I say, I loved it.
      The rehearsal of Frank Cordell's Mr Music programme was very interesting, as he corrected the orchestra, as the announcer fitted his words in,
      as the microphones had to be shifted to get a proper balance, and so on. After 3 hours of this I heard the programme in a listening room near the studio in Aeolian Hall. Also I met some of the people I was supposed to meet in connection with future BBC work. I am going to finish The Travel Agent by next Sunday, give it to Frank, and his is taking it with him to Jugoslavia (where they are all going on holiday for a month) to write the music. It should be ready by September.
      I am getting my lectures ready, rather slowly but I am quite pleased with all the new material on unfamiliar artists I am gathering.
      I have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose. On the basis of a few science-fiction cliches I have tried to define, in the thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms Spengler's idea of Faustian Man: you remember, forces rather bodies, function instead of being. We read it in the Social Philosophies of an Age of Crisis book while you painted your Conway Hills. (How I like that picture, by the way. I think it is a good idea to put it in Rye.)
      My father's holiday began, without my realising it, and he and mother are having a few days at Worthing. They will be back in a day or so, and I shall give mother your picture then. I can have it here for a day or two longer and I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.
      I must get some lunch and read three books on Watts.
      Loot after your dear self and remember you have all my love,
      Love you,
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>19th July<br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/>How are
      you? I do hope that you are not anxious or exasperated with either the Woods
      or Michael? I thought of you yesterday with the Woods returning. I hope that
      M and they get on smoothly together. Let me have all the news. Is M making a
      good Christ? I am sure it is just the role for him, in his recent mood of suffering.
      And Rye? Have you got there yet?<br/>I have finished Angus Wilson, and I must
      say I adored it. I don''t agree with the Woods that the end compromised but
      I don''t think it a very good ending either. I feel that he had to wind things
      up somehow and though some of the last two chapters was good I felt it less
      vivid than the rest of the book. But, as I say, I loved it.<br/>The rehearsal
      of Frank Cordell''s Mr Music programme was very interesting, as he corrected
      the orchestra, as the announcer fitted his words in,<br/>as the microphones
      had to be shifted to get a proper balance, and so on. After 3 hours of this
      I heard the programme in a listening room near the studio in Aeolian Hall. Also
      I met some of the people I was supposed to meet in connection with future BBC
      work. I am going to finish The Travel Agent by next Sunday, give it to Frank,
      and his is taking it with him to Jugoslavia (where they are all going on holiday
      for a month) to write the music. It should be ready by September.<br/>I am getting
      my lectures ready, rather slowly but I am quite pleased with all the new material
      on unfamiliar artists I am gathering.<br/>I have written a poem called Lessons
      which I enclose. On the basis of a few science-fiction cliches I have tried
      to define, in the thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms Spengler''s idea of
      Faustian Man: you remember, forces rather bodies, function instead of being.
      We read it in the Social Philosophies of an Age of Crisis book while you painted
      your Conway Hills. (How I like that picture, by the way. I think it is a good
      idea to put it in Rye.)<br/>My father''s holiday began, without my realising
      it, and he and mother are having a few days at Worthing. They will be back in
      a day or so, and I shall give mother your picture then. I can have it here for
      a day or two longer and I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.<br/>I must
      get some lunch and read three books on Watts.<br/>Loot after your dear self
      and remember you have all my love,<br/>Love you,<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2331
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b8584795-69db-4386-a7dd-b227d1804625.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.981625
    median_ratio: 0.9817478
    max_ratio: 0.9889381
    min_ratio: 0.9761773
    total_ratio: 4.9081249
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0442682
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0438195
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634715
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0256748
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72050932
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249809
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5065401e+09
    started_on: 1.5065307e+09
    ended_on: 1.5065401e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f07_013.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5065367e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5068568e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5064704e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 9332.5289998
    minutes_annotating: 155.54215
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      19 July Blackheath Dearest Sylvia:

      How are you? I do hope that you are not anxious or
      exasperated with either the Woods or Michael? I thought
      of you yesterday with the Woods returning. I hope that
      M. and they get on smoothly together. Let me have all the
      news. Is M. making a good Christ? I am sure it is just
      the role for him, in his recent mood of suffering. And
      Rye? Have you got there yet?

      I have finished Angus Wilson, and I must say I adored it.
      I don't agree with the Woods that the end compromises but
      I don't think it a very good ending either. I feel that
      he had to wind things up somehow and though some of the
      last two chapters was good I felt it less vivid than the
      rest of the book. But, as I say, I loved it.

      The rehearsal of Frank Cordell's Mr Music programme was
      very interesting, as he corrected the orchestra, as the
      announcer fitted his words in, as the microphones had to
      be shifted to get a proper balance, and so on. After 3
      hours of this I heard the programme in a listening room
      near the studio in Aeolian Hall. Also I met some of the
      people I was supposed to meet in connection with future
      BBC work. I am going to finish The Travel Agent by next
      Sunday, give it to Frank, and he is taking it with him to
      Jugoslavia (where they are all going on holiday for a month
      to write the music. It should be all ready by September.

      I am getting my lectures ready, rather slowly but I am
      quite pleased with all the new material on unfamiliar art-
      ists I am gathering.

      I have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose. On
      the basis of a few science-fiction cliches I have tried to
      define, in a thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms Sp-
      angler's idea of Faustian Man: you remember forces rather
      bodies, function instead of being. We read it in the
      Social Philosophies of an Age of Crisis book while you
      painted your Conway Hills. (How I like that picture, by
      the way. I think it is a good idea to put it in Rye.)

      My father's holiday began, without my realising it, and he
      and mother are having a few days at Worthing. They will
      be back in a day or so, and I shall give mother your pic-
      ture then. I can have it here for a day or two longer
      and I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.

      I must get some lunch and read three books on Watts.

      Look after your dear self and remember you have all my love.
      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '19 July Blackheath Dearest Sylvia:<br/><br/>How are you?
      I do hope that you are not anxious or<br/>exasperated with either the Woods
      or Michael? I thought<br/>of you yesterday with the Woods returning. I hope
      that<br/>M. and they get on smoothly together. Let me have all the<br/>news.
      Is M. making a good Christ? I am sure it is just<br/>the role for him, in his
      recent mood of suffering. And<br/>Rye? Have you got there yet?<br/><br/>I have
      finished Angus Wilson, and I must say I adored it.<br/>I don''t agree with the
      Woods that the end compromises but<br/>I don''t think it a very good ending
      either. I feel that<br/>he had to wind things up somehow and though some of
      the<br/>last two chapters was good I felt it less vivid than the<br/>rest of
      the book. But, as I say, I loved it.<br/><br/>The rehearsal of Frank Cordell''s
      Mr Music programme was<br/>very interesting, as he corrected the orchestra,
      as the<br/>announcer fitted his words in, as the microphones had to<br/>be shifted
      to get a proper balance, and so on. After 3<br/>hours of this I heard the programme
      in a listening room<br/>near the studio in Aeolian Hall. Also I met some of
      the<br/>people I was supposed to meet in connection with future<br/>BBC work.
      I am going to finish The Travel Agent by next<br/>Sunday, give it to Frank,
      and he is taking it with him to<br/>Jugoslavia (where they are all going on
      holiday for a month<br/>to write the music. It should be all ready by September.<br/><br/>I
      am getting my lectures ready, rather slowly but I am<br/>quite pleased with
      all the new material on unfamiliar art-<br/>ists I am gathering.<br/><br/>I
      have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose. On<br/>the basis of a few
      science-fiction cliches I have tried to<br/>define, in a thinnest, remote, and
      colloquial terms Sp-<br/>angler''s idea of Faustian Man: you remember forces
      rather<br/>bodies, function instead of being. We read it in the<br/>Social Philosophies
      of an Age of Crisis book while you<br/>painted your Conway Hills. (How I like
      that picture, by<br/>the way. I think it is a good idea to put it in Rye.)<br/><br/>My
      father''s holiday began, without my realising it, and he<br/>and mother are
      having a few days at Worthing. They will<br/>be back in a day or so, and I shall
      give mother your pic-<br/>ture then. I can have it here for a day or two longer<br/>and
      I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.<br/><br/>I must get some lunch and
      read three books on Watts.<br/><br/>Look after your dear self and remember you
      have all my love.<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2346
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b8584795-69db-4386-a7dd-b227d1804625.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9827334
    median_ratio: 0.9823009
    max_ratio: 0.9894912
    min_ratio: 0.9767313
    total_ratio: 4.9136669
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0442682
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0438195
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634715
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0256748
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72177187
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249809
    user_name: Molly_Carr
    created_at: 1.5066124e+09
    started_on: 1.5066114e+09
    ended_on: 1.5066124e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.7; rv:48.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/48.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f07_013.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5065367e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5068568e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5065568e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 997.7059999
    minutes_annotating: 16.6284333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.7; rv:48.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/48.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '48'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '7'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n19 July\nDearest Sylvia:\nHow are you? I do hope
      that you are not anxious or exsperated with either the Woods or Michael? I thought
      of you yesterday with the Woods returning. I hope that M and they get on smoothly
      together. Let me have all the news. Is M making a good Christ? I am sure it
      is just the role for him, in his recent mood of suffering. And Ryo? Have you
      got there yet?\nI have finished Angus Wilson, and I must say i adore it. I don't
      agree with the Woods that the end compromises but I don't think it a very good
      ending either. I feel that he had to wind things up somehow and though some
      of the last two chapters was good I felt it less vivid then the rest of the
      book. But, as i say, I loved it.\nThe rehearsal of Frank Cordell's Mr Music
      programme was very interesting, as he corrected the orchestra, as the announcer
      fitted his words in, as the microphones had to be shifted to get a proper balance,
      and so on. After 3 hours of this I heard the programme in a listening room near
      the studio in Aeolian Hall. Also I met some of the people I was supposed to
      meet in connection with future BBC work. I am going to finish The Travel Agent
      by next Sunday, give it to Frank, and he is taking it with him to Joguslavia
      (where they are all going on holiday for a moth) to write the music. It should
      be all ready by September.\nI am getting my lectures ready, rather slowly but
      I am quite pleased with all the new material on unfamiliar artists I am gathering.\nI
      have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose. On the basis of a few science-fiction
      cliches I have tried to define, in the thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms
      Spengler's idea of Faustian Man: you remember, forces rather bodies, function
      instead of bering. We read it in the Social Philosophies of an Age of crisis
      book while you painted your Conway Hills. (How I like that picture, by the way.
      I think it is a good idea to put it in Rye.)\nMy father's holiday began, without
      my realising it, and he and mother are having a few days at Worthing. They will
      be bcak in a day or o, and I shall give mother your picture then. I can have
      it here for a day or two longer and I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.\nI
      must get some lunch and read three books on Watts.\nLook after your dear self
      and remember you have all my love,\nlove you \nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>19 July<br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/>How are you?
      I do hope that you are not anxious or exsperated with either the Woods or Michael?
      I thought of you yesterday with the Woods returning. I hope that M and they
      get on smoothly together. Let me have all the news. Is M making a good Christ?
      I am sure it is just the role for him, in his recent mood of suffering. And
      Ryo? Have you got there yet?<br/>I have finished Angus Wilson, and I must say
      i adore it. I don''t agree with the Woods that the end compromises but I don''t
      think it a very good ending either. I feel that he had to wind things up somehow
      and though some of the last two chapters was good I felt it less vivid then
      the rest of the book. But, as i say, I loved it.<br/>The rehearsal of Frank
      Cordell''s Mr Music programme was very interesting, as he corrected the orchestra,
      as the announcer fitted his words in, as the microphones had to be shifted to
      get a proper balance, and so on. After 3 hours of this I heard the programme
      in a listening room near the studio in Aeolian Hall. Also I met some of the
      people I was supposed to meet in connection with future BBC work. I am going
      to finish The Travel Agent by next Sunday, give it to Frank, and he is taking
      it with him to Joguslavia (where they are all going on holiday for a moth) to
      write the music. It should be all ready by September.<br/>I am getting my lectures
      ready, rather slowly but I am quite pleased with all the new material on unfamiliar
      artists I am gathering.<br/>I have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose.
      On the basis of a few science-fiction cliches I have tried to define, in the
      thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms Spengler''s idea of Faustian Man: you
      remember, forces rather bodies, function instead of bering. We read it in the
      Social Philosophies of an Age of crisis book while you painted your Conway Hills.
      (How I like that picture, by the way. I think it is a good idea to put it in
      Rye.)<br/>My father''s holiday began, without my realising it, and he and mother
      are having a few days at Worthing. They will be bcak in a day or o, and I shall
      give mother your picture then. I can have it here for a day or two longer and
      I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.<br/>I must get some lunch and read
      three books on Watts.<br/>Look after your dear self and remember you have all
      my love,<br/>love you <br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2329
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b8584795-69db-4386-a7dd-b227d1804625.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9733344
    median_ratio: 0.9723298
    max_ratio: 0.9795354
    min_ratio: 0.9706696
    total_ratio: 4.866672
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0442682
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0438195
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634715
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0256748
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72443622
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249809
    user_name: racjohn
    created_at: 1.5067848e+09
    started_on: 1.5067835e+09
    ended_on: 1.5067848e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f07_013.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5065367e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5068568e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5067296e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1263.7619998
    minutes_annotating: 21.0627
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n19 July\n\nDearest Sylvia:\n\nHow are you? I do
      hope that you are not anxious or\nexasperated with either the Woods or Michael?
      I thought \nof you yesterday with the Woods returning. I hope that \nM and they
      get on smoothly together. Let me have all the\nnews. Is M making a good Christ?
      I am sure it is just\nthe role for him, in this recent mood of suffering. and\nRye?
      Have you got there yet?\n\nI have finished Angus Wilson, and I must say I adored
      it.\nI don't agree with the Woods that the end compromises but\nI don't think
      it a very good ending either. I feel that \nhe had to wind things up somehow
      and though some of the\nlast two chapters was good I felt is less vivid than
      the \nrest of the book. But, as I say, I loved it.\n\nThe rehearsal of Frank
      Cordells's Mr Music programme was \nvery interesting, as he corrected the orchestra,
      as the\nannouncer fitted his words in, as the microphones had to\nbe shifted
      to get a proper balance, and so on. After 3\nhours of this I heard the programme
      in a listening room \nnear the studio in Aeolian Hall. also I met some of the
      \npeople I was supposed to meet in connection with future\nBBC work. I am going
      to finish The Travel Agent by next \nSunday, give it to Frank, and he is taking
      it with him to\nYugoslavia (where they are all going on holiday for a month)\nto
      write the music. It should be all ready by September.\n\nI am getting my lectures
      ready, rather slowly but I am \nquite pleased with all the new material on unfamiliar
      art-\nists I am gathering.\n\nI have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose.
      On\nthe basis of a few science-fiction cliches I have tried to\ndefine, in the
      thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms Sp-\nengler's idea of Faustian Man: you
      remember, forces rather \nbodies, function instead of being. We read it in the
      Social Philosophies of an Age Crisis book while you painted your Conway Hills.
      (How I like that picture, by\nthe way. I think it is a good idea to put it in
      Rye.)\n\nMy father's holiday began, without my realising it, and he\nand mother
      are having a few days at Worthing. They will\nbe back in a day or so, and I
      shall give mother your pic-\nture than. I can have it here for a day or two
      longer\nand I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.\n\nI must get some lunch
      and read three books on Watts.\n\nLook after you dear self and remember you
      have all my love,\n\nLove you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>19 July<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/><br/>How
      are you? I do hope that you are not anxious or<br/>exasperated with either the
      Woods or Michael? I thought <br/>of you yesterday with the Woods returning.
      I hope that <br/>M and they get on smoothly together. Let me have all the<br/>news.
      Is M making a good Christ? I am sure it is just<br/>the role for him, in this
      recent mood of suffering. and<br/>Rye? Have you got there yet?<br/><br/>I have
      finished Angus Wilson, and I must say I adored it.<br/>I don''t agree with the
      Woods that the end compromises but<br/>I don''t think it a very good ending
      either. I feel that <br/>he had to wind things up somehow and though some of
      the<br/>last two chapters was good I felt is less vivid than the <br/>rest of
      the book. But, as I say, I loved it.<br/><br/>The rehearsal of Frank Cordells''s
      Mr Music programme was <br/>very interesting, as he corrected the orchestra,
      as the<br/>announcer fitted his words in, as the microphones had to<br/>be shifted
      to get a proper balance, and so on. After 3<br/>hours of this I heard the programme
      in a listening room <br/>near the studio in Aeolian Hall. also I met some of
      the <br/>people I was supposed to meet in connection with future<br/>BBC work.
      I am going to finish The Travel Agent by next <br/>Sunday, give it to Frank,
      and he is taking it with him to<br/>Yugoslavia (where they are all going on
      holiday for a month)<br/>to write the music. It should be all ready by September.<br/><br/>I
      am getting my lectures ready, rather slowly but I am <br/>quite pleased with
      all the new material on unfamiliar art-<br/>ists I am gathering.<br/><br/>I
      have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose. On<br/>the basis of a few
      science-fiction cliches I have tried to<br/>define, in the thinnest, remote,
      and colloquial terms Sp-<br/>engler''s idea of Faustian Man: you remember, forces
      rather <br/>bodies, function instead of being. We read it in the Social Philosophies
      of an Age Crisis book while you painted your Conway Hills. (How I like that
      picture, by<br/>the way. I think it is a good idea to put it in Rye.)<br/><br/>My
      father''s holiday began, without my realising it, and he<br/>and mother are
      having a few days at Worthing. They will<br/>be back in a day or so, and I shall
      give mother your pic-<br/>ture than. I can have it here for a day or two longer<br/>and
      I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.<br/><br/>I must get some lunch and
      read three books on Watts.<br/><br/>Look after you dear self and remember you
      have all my love,<br/><br/>Love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2355
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b8584795-69db-4386-a7dd-b227d1804625.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9793033
    median_ratio: 0.9784173
    max_ratio: 0.9856195
    min_ratio: 0.9745152
    total_ratio: 4.8965166
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0442682
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0438195
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634715
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0256748
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72492731
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249809
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5068191e+09
    started_on: 1.5068188e+09
    ended_on: 1.5068191e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f07_013.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5065367e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5068568e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506816e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 386.6199999
    minutes_annotating: 6.4436667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9460'
    os.minor: '73'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n19 July\nDearest Sylvia:\nHow are you?  I do hope
      that you are not anxious or\nexasperated with either the Woods or Michael?  I
      thought\nof you yesterday with the Woods returning.  I hope that\nM and they
      get on smoothly together.  Let me have all the\nnews.  Is M making a good Christ?
      \ I am sure it is just\nthe role for him, in his recent mood of suffering.  And\nRye?
      \ Have you got there yet?\nI have finished Angus Wilson, and I must say I adored
      it.\nI don't agree with the Woods that the end compormises but\nI don't think
      it a very good ending either.  I feel that\nhe had to wind things up somehow
      and though some of the\nlast two chapters was good I felt it less vivid than
      the\nrest of the book.  But, as I say, I loved it.\nThe rehearsal of Frank Cordell's
      Mr. Music programme was\nvery interesting, as he corrected the orchestra, as
      the\nannouncer fitted his words in, as the microphones had to\nbe shifted to
      get a proper balance, and so on.  After 3 \nhours of this I heard the programme
      in a listening room\nnear the studio in Aeolian Hall.  Also I met some of the\npeople
      I was supposed to meet in connection with future\nBBC work.  I am going to finish
      The Travel Agent by next\nSunday, give it to Frank, and he is taking it with
      him to\nJugoslavia (where they are all going on holiday for a month)\nto write
      the music.  It should be all ready by September.\nI am getting my lectures ready,
      rather slowly but I am\nquite pleased with all the new material on unfamiliar
      art-\nists I am gathering.\nI have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose.
      \ On\nthe basis of a few science-fiction cliches I have tried to\ndefine, in
      the thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms Sp-\nengler's idea of Faustian Man:
      \ you remember, forces rather\nbodies, function instead of being.  We read it
      in the\nSocial Philosophies of an Age of Orisis book while you\npainted your
      Conway Hills.  (How I like that picture, by\nthe say.  I think it is a good
      idea to put it in Rye.)\nMy father's holiday began, without my realising it,
      and he\nand mother are having a few days at Worthing.  They will\nbe back in
      a day or so, and I shall give mother your pic-\nture then.  I can have it here
      for a day or two longer\nand I must say t is a pleasure to look at it.\nI must
      get some lunch and read three books on Watts.\nLook after your dear self and
      remember you have all my love,\nI love you.\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>19 July<br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/>How are you?  I
      do hope that you are not anxious or<br/>exasperated with either the Woods or
      Michael?  I thought<br/>of you yesterday with the Woods returning.  I hope that<br/>M
      and they get on smoothly together.  Let me have all the<br/>news.  Is M making
      a good Christ?  I am sure it is just<br/>the role for him, in his recent mood
      of suffering.  And<br/>Rye?  Have you got there yet?<br/>I have finished Angus
      Wilson, and I must say I adored it.<br/>I don''t agree with the Woods that the
      end compormises but<br/>I don''t think it a very good ending either.  I feel
      that<br/>he had to wind things up somehow and though some of the<br/>last two
      chapters was good I felt it less vivid than the<br/>rest of the book.  But,
      as I say, I loved it.<br/>The rehearsal of Frank Cordell''s Mr. Music programme
      was<br/>very interesting, as he corrected the orchestra, as the<br/>announcer
      fitted his words in, as the microphones had to<br/>be shifted to get a proper
      balance, and so on.  After 3 <br/>hours of this I heard the programme in a listening
      room<br/>near the studio in Aeolian Hall.  Also I met some of the<br/>people
      I was supposed to meet in connection with future<br/>BBC work.  I am going to
      finish The Travel Agent by next<br/>Sunday, give it to Frank, and he is taking
      it with him to<br/>Jugoslavia (where they are all going on holiday for a month)<br/>to
      write the music.  It should be all ready by September.<br/>I am getting my lectures
      ready, rather slowly but I am<br/>quite pleased with all the new material on
      unfamiliar art-<br/>ists I am gathering.<br/>I have written a poem called Lessons
      which I enclose.  On<br/>the basis of a few science-fiction cliches I have tried
      to<br/>define, in the thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms Sp-<br/>engler''s
      idea of Faustian Man:  you remember, forces rather<br/>bodies, function instead
      of being.  We read it in the<br/>Social Philosophies of an Age of Orisis book
      while you<br/>painted your Conway Hills.  (How I like that picture, by<br/>the
      say.  I think it is a good idea to put it in Rye.)<br/>My father''s holiday
      began, without my realising it, and he<br/>and mother are having a few days
      at Worthing.  They will<br/>be back in a day or so, and I shall give mother
      your pic-<br/>ture then.  I can have it here for a day or two longer<br/>and
      I must say t is a pleasure to look at it.<br/>I must get some lunch and read
      three books on Watts.<br/>Look after your dear self and remember you have all
      my love,<br/>I love you.<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2362
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b8584795-69db-4386-a7dd-b227d1804625.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9829532
    median_ratio: 0.9817478
    max_ratio: 0.9894912
    min_ratio: 0.9767313
    total_ratio: 4.914766
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0442682
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0438195
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634715
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0256748
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72526323
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249809
    user_name: Zooniverse2017
    created_at: 1.5068568e+09
    started_on: 1.506856e+09
    ended_on: 1.5068568e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f07_013.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5065367e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5068568e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506816e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 773.2030001
    minutes_annotating: 12.8867167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n19 July\n\nDearest Sylvia:\n\nHow are you? I do
      hope that you are not anxious or\nexasperated with either the Woods or Michael?
      I thought\nof you yesterday with the Woods returning. I hope that\nM and they
      get on smoothly together. Let me have all the\nnews. Is M making a good Christ?
      I am sure it is just\nthe role for him, in his recent mood of suffering. And\nRye?
      Have you get there yet?\n\nI have finished Angus Wilson and I must say I adored
      it.\nI don't agree with the Woods that the end compromises but\nI don't think
      it a very good ending either. I feel that\nhe had to wind things up somehow
      and though some of the\nlast two chapters was good I felt it less vivid than
      the \nrest of the book. But, as I say, I loved it.\n\nThe rehearsal of Frank
      Cordell's Mr. Music programme was\nvery interesting, as he corrected the orchestra,
      as the\nannouncer fitted his words in, as the microphones had to\nbe shifted
      to get a proper balance, and so on. After 3\nhours of this I heard the programme
      in a listening room\nnear the studio in Aeolian Hall. Also I met some of the\npeople
      I was supposed to meet in connection with future\nBBC work. I am going to finish
      The Travel Agent by next\nSunday, give it to Frank, and he is taking it with
      him to\nJugoslavia (where they are all going on holiday for a month)\nto write
      the music. It should be all ready by September.\n\nI am getting my lectures
      ready, rather slowly but I am\nquite pleased with all the new material on unfamiliar
      art-\nists I am gathering.\n\n I have written a poem called Lessons which I
      enclose. On\nthe basis of a few science-fiction cliches I have tried to\ndefine,
      in the thinnest, remote, and colloquial terms Sp-\nengler's idea of Faustian
      Man: you remember, forces rather\nbodies, function instead of being. We read
      it in the\nSocial Philosophies of an Age of Crisis book while you\npainted your
      Conway Hills. (How I like that picture, by\nthe way. I think it is a good idea
      to put it in Rye.)\n\nMy father's holiday began, without my realising it, and
      he\nand mother are having a few days at Worthing. They will\nbe back in a day
      or so, and I shall give mother your pic-\nture then. I can have it here for
      a day or two longer\nand I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.\n\nI must
      get some lunch and read three books on Watts.\n\nLook after your dear self and
      remember you have all my love,\nLove you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>19 July<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia:<br/><br/>How
      are you? I do hope that you are not anxious or<br/>exasperated with either the
      Woods or Michael? I thought<br/>of you yesterday with the Woods returning. I
      hope that<br/>M and they get on smoothly together. Let me have all the<br/>news.
      Is M making a good Christ? I am sure it is just<br/>the role for him, in his
      recent mood of suffering. And<br/>Rye? Have you get there yet?<br/><br/>I have
      finished Angus Wilson and I must say I adored it.<br/>I don''t agree with the
      Woods that the end compromises but<br/>I don''t think it a very good ending
      either. I feel that<br/>he had to wind things up somehow and though some of
      the<br/>last two chapters was good I felt it less vivid than the <br/>rest of
      the book. But, as I say, I loved it.<br/><br/>The rehearsal of Frank Cordell''s
      Mr. Music programme was<br/>very interesting, as he corrected the orchestra,
      as the<br/>announcer fitted his words in, as the microphones had to<br/>be shifted
      to get a proper balance, and so on. After 3<br/>hours of this I heard the programme
      in a listening room<br/>near the studio in Aeolian Hall. Also I met some of
      the<br/>people I was supposed to meet in connection with future<br/>BBC work.
      I am going to finish The Travel Agent by next<br/>Sunday, give it to Frank,
      and he is taking it with him to<br/>Jugoslavia (where they are all going on
      holiday for a month)<br/>to write the music. It should be all ready by September.<br/><br/>I
      am getting my lectures ready, rather slowly but I am<br/>quite pleased with
      all the new material on unfamiliar art-<br/>ists I am gathering.<br/><br/> I
      have written a poem called Lessons which I enclose. On<br/>the basis of a few
      science-fiction cliches I have tried to<br/>define, in the thinnest, remote,
      and colloquial terms Sp-<br/>engler''s idea of Faustian Man: you remember, forces
      rather<br/>bodies, function instead of being. We read it in the<br/>Social Philosophies
      of an Age of Crisis book while you<br/>painted your Conway Hills. (How I like
      that picture, by<br/>the way. I think it is a good idea to put it in Rye.)<br/><br/>My
      father''s holiday began, without my realising it, and he<br/>and mother are
      having a few days at Worthing. They will<br/>be back in a day or so, and I shall
      give mother your pic-<br/>ture then. I can have it here for a day or two longer<br/>and
      I must say it is a pleasure to look at it.<br/><br/>I must get some lunch and
      read three books on Watts.<br/><br/>Look after your dear self and remember you
      have all my love,<br/>Love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2348
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/b8584795-69db-4386-a7dd-b227d1804625.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9871599
    median_ratio: 0.988385
    max_ratio: 0.9889381
    min_ratio: 0.9833795
    total_ratio: 4.9357994
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0442682
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0438195
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634715
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0256748
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f07_013.jpg

---
