---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_010
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 69107178
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908197
    user_name: JanetCormack
    created_at: 1.5045429e+09
    started_on: 1.5045414e+09
    ended_on: 1.5045429e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5045429e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5063654e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5044832e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1450.6170001
    minutes_annotating: 24.17695
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath 13 IX 52\nDearest Sylvia\nThank you for your stimulating
      and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you to send me Horizon
      so soon - and Masson: thank you, dearest love.\nI was interested in C's reasons
      for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches, and so does Eliot, so does
      Greene. But do Montherlant and Maurier really only state? Surely both these
      writers fix things to justify their own attitudes? Surely they only decide on
      the destiny of their characters, and so on, to express an attitude. I think
      the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit
      each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it
      suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me good. The content
      of Limestone is ridiculous: its relation to form exquisite. (That is my present
      view though I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides.) \nDelighted
      that Armida progresses so well. Admirable: I am pleased. (I read the Nicholson
      article in the Burlington Magazine at breakfast (because you said you had read
      it): I agree it is disjointed - but what a nice frontispiece, don't you think?)
      \ I long to see R and A again. It is a tradition which starts in the South,
      comes North (to the frontispiece, e.g.), then is southernised again in the Roccoco.\nMy
      film book goes very well. I have written a 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat
      which I saw yesterday. In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema
      yesterday - nor worked on my lectures at the Tate Gallery as long as I did,
      for my glands have swollen again. However, Dreamboat is excellent: you should
      certainly see it. Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable, also - quite well handled
      by a Touring Co. with Chris. Hewett (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.\nWhat
      marvellous news about yet another American letter of praise for the Rector.
      I know ow much C admires Ellis, too. Do congratulate him for me. I am sorry
      Haine is little better: how extraordinary about New Zealand. I am disgusted
      with that ridiculous place.\nLion is gradually collecting material for the Sex
      Lecture (I seem I am in a What's On advertisement for the Sex Ed. Soc!), not
      all of which I may use, but I would like a margin. Something we left out was
      a case history or two of particular artists: I shall try and work on in (Hogarth,
      Nijinsky, Leonardo - I don't know who yet), {how about The Psychopathology of
      Dame Laura Knight?]\nLincoln Girls' School mistake me for Superman. They want
      3 lectures in the morning: in the afternoon I introduce 5 art films; in the
      evening another lecture. However no duties on Saturday to speak of & I shall
      get £15.\nThe Nov. Athene progresses well: even the \"May\" one advances.\nDo
      not worry about me. My glands will go down again over the weekend - certainly
      by the time you read this on Monday. I shall do my work in a semi-horizontal
      postiion: LION as recumbent-reader. I shall not give up any more lectures as
      long as I still have a chin!\nI adore you sweetheart\nI adore you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath 13 IX 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you for
      your stimulating and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you
      to send me Horizon so soon - and Masson: thank you, dearest love.<br/>I was
      interested in C''s reasons for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches,
      and so does Eliot, so does Greene. But do Montherlant and Maurier really only
      state? Surely both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes?
      Surely they only decide on the destiny of their characters, and so on, to express
      an attitude. I think the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether
      form and content suit each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside
      the form but if it suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me
      good. The content of Limestone is ridiculous: its relation to form exquisite.
      (That is my present view though I acknowledge the pressures which cause one
      to take sides.) <br/>Delighted that Armida progresses so well. Admirable: I
      am pleased. (I read the Nicholson article in the Burlington Magazine at breakfast
      (because you said you had read it): I agree it is disjointed - but what a nice
      frontispiece, don''t you think?)  I long to see R and A again. It is a tradition
      which starts in the South, comes North (to the frontispiece, e.g.), then is
      southernised again in the Roccoco.<br/>My film book goes very well. I have written
      a 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat which I saw yesterday. In fact I probably
      should not have gone to the cinema yesterday - nor worked on my lectures at
      the Tate Gallery as long as I did, for my glands have swollen again. However,
      Dreamboat is excellent: you should certainly see it. Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable,
      also - quite well handled by a Touring Co. with Chris. Hewett (of the Watergate
      Review) in the lead.<br/>What marvellous news about yet another American letter
      of praise for the Rector. I know ow much C admires Ellis, too. Do congratulate
      him for me. I am sorry Haine is little better: how extraordinary about New Zealand.
      I am disgusted with that ridiculous place.<br/>Lion is gradually collecting
      material for the Sex Lecture (I seem I am in a What''s On advertisement for
      the Sex Ed. Soc!), not all of which I may use, but I would like a margin. Something
      we left out was a case history or two of particular artists: I shall try and
      work on in (Hogarth, Nijinsky, Leonardo - I don''t know who yet), {how about
      The Psychopathology of Dame Laura Knight?]<br/>Lincoln Girls'' School mistake
      me for Superman. They want 3 lectures in the morning: in the afternoon I introduce
      5 art films; in the evening another lecture. However no duties on Saturday to
      speak of & I shall get lb15.<br/>The Nov. Athene progresses well: even the "May"
      one advances.<br/>Do not worry about me. My glands will go down again over the
      weekend - certainly by the time you read this on Monday. I shall do my work
      in a semi-horizontal postiion: LION as recumbent-reader. I shall not give up
      any more lectures as long as I still have a chin!<br/>I adore you sweetheart<br/>I
      adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 3022
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a61460a-1ef3-421b-aa1b-499b826da57b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9542159
    median_ratio: 0.9565773
    max_ratio: 0.9692176
    min_ratio: 0.936352
    total_ratio: 4.7710795
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1312378
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1392281
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1966265
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0827447
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69839040
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908197
    user_name: gailkoelker
    created_at: 1.5050876e+09
    started_on: 1.5050849e+09
    ended_on: 1.5050876e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5045429e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5063654e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5050016e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 2681.7989998
    minutes_annotating: 44.69665
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.2 Safari/603.3.8
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      Blackheath  13 ix 52
      Dearest Sylvia
      Thank you for your stimulating and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you to send me Horizon so soon: and Masson: thank you, dearest love.
      I was interested in C's reasons for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches, and so does Eliot, so does Greene. But do [unclear] Monthes lant[/unclear] and Mauriac really only state? Surely both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes? Surely they decide on the destiny of their characters, and so on, to express an attitude. I think the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me good. The content of Limestone is ridiculous: its relation to the form exquisite. (That is my present view though I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides).
      Delighted that Armido progresses so well. Admirable. I am pleased. (I read the Nicholson article in the Burl. Mag. at breakfast (because you said you had read it): I agree it is disjointed-but what a nice frontispiece, don't you think?) I long to see R and A again. It is in a tradition which starts in the south, cover north (to the frontispiece, e.g.), then is southernised again in the rococo.
      My film book goes very well. I have written a 1000 words, act least, on Dreamboat which I saw yesterday. In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema yesterday-nor worked on my lecture at the Tate Gallery as long as I did for my glands have swollen again. However, Dreamboat is excellent: you should certainly see it. Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable, also-quite well handled by a touring co. with Chris Hewett (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.
      What marvelous news about yet another American letter of praise for the Rector. I know how much I admired Ellis, too. Do congratulate him for me. I am sorry Haire is little better=how extra-ordinary about New Zealand. I am disgusted with that ridiculous place.
      Lion is gradually collecting material for the sex lecture ( I see I am in a What's On advertisement for the Sex. Ed. Soc.!) not all of which I may use, but I would like a margin. Something we left out was a case history or two of particular artists: I shall try to work one in (Hogarth, Nijinski, Leonardo-I don't know who yet) [how about the Psychopathology of [unclear] Domelanna[/unclear] Knight?]
      Lincoln Girls' School mistake me for superman. They want 3 lectures in the  morning: in the afternoon I introduce 5 art films: in the evening another lecture. However no duties on Saturday to speak of and I shall  get 15.
      The Nov. Athene progresses well=even the [unclear]"nay" [/unclear] one advances.
      Do not worry about me. My glands will go down again over the weekend-certainly by the time you read this on Monday. I shall do my work in a semi-horizontal position: LION as recumbent-reader. I shall not give up any more lectures as long as I still have a chin!
      I adore you sweetheart.
      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 3
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath  13 ix 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you for
      your stimulating and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you
      to send me Horizon so soon: and Masson: thank you, dearest love.<br/>I was interested
      in C''s reasons for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches, and so does
      Eliot, so does Greene. But do  Monthes lant and Mauriac really only state? Surely
      both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes? Surely they decide
      on the destiny of their characters, and so on, to express an attitude. I think
      the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit
      each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it
      suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me good. The content
      of Limestone is ridiculous: its relation to the form exquisite. (That is my
      present view though I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides).<br/>Delighted
      that Armido progresses so well. Admirable. I am pleased. (I read the Nicholson
      article in the Burl. Mag. at breakfast (because you said you had read it): I
      agree it is disjointed-but what a nice frontispiece, don''t you think?) I long
      to see R and A again. It is in a tradition which starts in the south, cover
      north (to the frontispiece, e.g.), then is southernised again in the rococo.<br/>My
      film book goes very well. I have written a 1000 words, act least, on Dreamboat
      which I saw yesterday. In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema
      yesterday-nor worked on my lecture at the Tate Gallery as long as I did for
      my glands have swollen again. However, Dreamboat is excellent: you should certainly
      see it. Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable, also-quite well handled by a touring
      co. with Chris Hewett (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.<br/>What marvelous
      news about yet another American letter of praise for the Rector. I know how
      much I admired Ellis, too. Do congratulate him for me. I am sorry Haire is little
      better=how extra-ordinary about New Zealand. I am disgusted with that ridiculous
      place.<br/>Lion is gradually collecting material for the sex lecture ( I see
      I am in a What''s On advertisement for the Sex. Ed. Soc.!) not all of which
      I may use, but I would like a margin. Something we left out was a case history
      or two of particular artists: I shall try to work one in (Hogarth, Nijinski,
      Leonardo-I don''t know who yet) [how about the Psychopathology of  Domelanna
      Knight?]<br/>Lincoln Girls'' School mistake me for superman. They want 3 lectures
      in the  morning: in the afternoon I introduce 5 art films: in the evening another
      lecture. However no duties on Saturday to speak of and I shall  get 15.<br/>The
      Nov. Athene progresses well=even the "nay"  one advances.<br/>Do not worry about
      me. My glands will go down again over the weekend-certainly by the time you
      read this on Monday. I shall do my work in a semi-horizontal position: LION
      as recumbent-reader. I shall not give up any more lectures as long as I still
      have a chin!<br/>I adore you sweetheart.<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 3005
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a61460a-1ef3-421b-aa1b-499b826da57b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9501956
    median_ratio: 0.9533701
    max_ratio: 0.9623771
    min_ratio: 0.9316531
    total_ratio: 4.7509782
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1312378
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1392281
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1966265
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0827447
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70173973
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908197
    user_name: slartybartfast100
    created_at: 1.5052997e+09
    started_on: 1.5052967e+09
    ended_on: 1.5052997e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5045429e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5063654e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5052608e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2987.3910003
    minutes_annotating: 49.78985
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      13 1X 52
      Dearest Sylvia
      Thank you for your stimulating and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you the send me Horizon so soon - and Masson: thank you, dearest love.
      I was interested in C's reason for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches, and so does Eliot, so does [unclear]Greeve[/unclear].  But do [unclear][/unclear] and [unclear][/unclear] really only state?  Surely both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes? Surely they decide on the destiny  of their characters, and so on, to express an attitude. I think the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me good. The content of Limestone is [unclear][/unclear]: its relation to the form exquisite. (That is my present view though I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides.)
      Delighted that [unclear][/unclear] progresses so well. Admirable.  I am pleased. (I read the Nicholson article in the [unclear]Burl. Mag[/unclear] at breakfast (because you said you had read it): I agree it is disjointed - but what a nice [unclear][/unclear]  piece, don't you think?) I long to see R and A again. It is in a tradition which starts in the South, comes North (to the [unclear][/unclear], e.g.), then is south - [unclear][/unclear] again in the [unclear]rococo.[/unclear].
      My film book goes well. I have written a 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat which I saw yesterday. In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema yesterday - nor worked on my lecture for the Tate Gal-lery as long as I did, my glands have swollen again. However, Dreamboat is excellent: you should certainly see it. Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable, also - quite well handled by a Touring Co. with [unclear]Chris. Herriott[/unclear] (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.
      What marvellous news about yet another American letter of praise for the [unclear] Rectors[/unclear]. I know how much C admires Ellis, too. Do congratulate him for me. I am sorry [unclear]Haine[/unclear] is little better: how extra-ordinary about New Zealand. I am disgusted with that ridiculous place.
      Lion is gradually collecting material for the Sex Lecture (I see I am in a What's On advertisement for the Sex Ed. Soc.!) not all of which I may use, but I would like a margin. Something we left out was a case history of two particular artists: ([unclear]Hogart's, Nijinsky, Leonando[/unclear], I don't know who yet). (How about the Psychopathology of [unclear][/unclear] Knight?)
      Lincoln Girls' School mistakes me for superman. They want 3 lectures in the morning; in the afternoon I introduce 5 and films; in the evening another lecture. However no duties on Saturday to speak of & I shall get £15.
      [unclear]T6 Nov.Athene[/unclear] progresses well: even the "[unclear][/unclear]" one advances.
      Do not worry about me. My glands will go down again over the weekend -[unclear]I'm thinking[/unclear] by the time you read this on Monday. I shall do my work in a semi - horiz-ontal position: LION as recumbent reader. I shall not give up any more lec-tures as long as I still have a [unclear]Chin claim[/unclear]!
      I adore you sweetheart,
      adore you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 19
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>13 1X 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you
      for your stimulating and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of
      you the send me Horizon so soon - and Masson: thank you, dearest love.<br/>I
      was interested in C''s reason for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches,
      and so does Eliot, so does Greeve.  But do  and  really only state?  Surely
      both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes? Surely they decide
      on the destiny  of their characters, and so on, to express an attitude. I think
      the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit
      each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it
      suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me good. The content
      of Limestone is : its relation to the form exquisite. (That is my present view
      though I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides.)<br/>Delighted
      that  progresses so well. Admirable.  I am pleased. (I read the Nicholson article
      in the Burl. Mag at breakfast (because you said you had read it): I agree it
      is disjointed - but what a nice   piece, don''t you think?) I long to see R
      and A again. It is in a tradition which starts in the South, comes North (to
      the , e.g.), then is south -  again in the rococo..<br/>My film book goes well.
      I have written a 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat which I saw yesterday. In
      fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema yesterday - nor worked on
      my lecture for the Tate Gal-lery as long as I did, my glands have swollen again.
      However, Dreamboat is excellent: you should certainly see it. Kiss Me Kate was
      very enjoyable, also - quite well handled by a Touring Co. with Chris. Herriott
      (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.<br/>What marvellous news about yet another
      American letter of praise for the  Rectors. I know how much C admires Ellis,
      too. Do congratulate him for me. I am sorry Haine is little better: how extra-ordinary
      about New Zealand. I am disgusted with that ridiculous place.<br/>Lion is gradually
      collecting material for the Sex Lecture (I see I am in a What''s On advertisement
      for the Sex Ed. Soc.!) not all of which I may use, but I would like a margin.
      Something we left out was a case history of two particular artists: (Hogart''s,
      Nijinsky, Leonando, I don''t know who yet). (How about the Psychopathology of  Knight?)<br/>Lincoln
      Girls'' School mistakes me for superman. They want 3 lectures in the morning;
      in the afternoon I introduce 5 and films; in the evening another lecture. However
      no duties on Saturday to speak of & I shall get lb15.<br/>T6 Nov.Athene progresses
      well: even the "" one advances.<br/>Do not worry about me. My glands will go
      down again over the weekend -I''m thinking by the time you read this on Monday.
      I shall do my work in a semi - horiz-ontal position: LION as recumbent reader.
      I shall not give up any more lec-tures as long as I still have a Chin claim!<br/>I
      adore you sweetheart,<br/>adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2925
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a61460a-1ef3-421b-aa1b-499b826da57b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9116804
    median_ratio: 0.9144934
    max_ratio: 0.9244558
    min_ratio: 0.8927809
    total_ratio: 4.5584019
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1312378
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1392281
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1966265
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0827447
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 70797298
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908197
    user_name: Moggsy8
    created_at: 1.5055951e+09
    started_on: 1.505588e+09
    ended_on: 1.5055951e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5045429e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5063654e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.50552e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 7032.0279999
    minutes_annotating: 117.2004667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath 13 IX 52\nDearest Sylvia\n Thank you for your stimulating
      and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you to send me Horizon
      so soon - and Masson: thank you, dearest love.\n I was interested in C's reasons
      for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches, and so does Eliot, so does
      Greene. But do Montherlant and Mauriac really only state? Surely both these
      writers fix things to justify their own attitudes? Surely they decide on the
      destiny of their characters, and so on, to express an attitude. I think the
      test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit each
      other: not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it suits
      the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me good. The content of Limestone
      is ridiculous: its relation to form exquisite. (That is my present view though
      I acknowledge the pressures that make one take sides.)\n Delighted that Armide
      progresses so well. Admirable, I am pleased. (I read the Nicholson article in
      the Burl. Mag. at breakfast (because you said you had read it): I agree it is
      disjointed - but what a nice frontispiece, don't you think?) I long to see R
      and A again. It is in a tradition which starts in the South, comes North (to
      the frontispiece e.g.), then is southernised again in the rococo.\n My film
      book goes very well. I have written 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat which
      I saw yesterday. In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema yesterday
      - nor. worked on my lectures at the Tate Gallery as long as I did, for my glands
      have swollen again. However, Dreamboat is excellent: you should certainly see
      it. Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable, also - quite well handled by a Touring
      Co. with Chris Hemett (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.\n What marvelous
      news about yet another American letter of praise for the Rector. I know how
      much C admires Ellis, too. Do congratulate him for me. I an sorry Haire is little
      better: how extraordinary about New Zealand. I am disgusted about that ridiculous
      place.\n Lion is gradually collecting material for the sex lecture (I see I
      am in a What's On advertisement for the Sex. Ed. Soc.!), not all of which I
      may use, but I would like a margin. Something we left out was a case history
      or two of particular artists: I shall try and work one in (Hogarth, Nijinsky,
      Leonardo. I don't know who yet.) [How about The Psychopathology of Dame Laura
      Knight?]\n Lincoln Girl's school mistake me for Superman. They want 3 lectures
      in the morning: in the afternoon I introduce 5 art films; in the evening another
      lecture. However on Saturday no duties to speak of & I shall get $15.   \n The
      Nov. Athene progresses well: even the \"May\" one advances.\n Do not worry about
      me. My glands will go down again over the weekend - certainly by the time you
      read this on Monday. I shall do my work in a semi-horizontal position: Lion
      as recumbent - reader. I shall not give up any more lectures as long as I still
      have chin!\n I adore you sweetheart, I adore you\nLawrence\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath 13 IX 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/> Thank you for
      your stimulating and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you
      to send me Horizon so soon - and Masson: thank you, dearest love.<br/> I was
      interested in C''s reasons for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches,
      and so does Eliot, so does Greene. But do Montherlant and Mauriac really only
      state? Surely both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes?
      Surely they decide on the destiny of their characters, and so on, to express
      an attitude. I think the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether
      form and content suit each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside
      the form but if it suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me
      good. The content of Limestone is ridiculous: its relation to form exquisite.
      (That is my present view though I acknowledge the pressures that make one take
      sides.)<br/> Delighted that Armide progresses so well. Admirable, I am pleased.
      (I read the Nicholson article in the Burl. Mag. at breakfast (because you said
      you had read it): I agree it is disjointed - but what a nice frontispiece, don''t
      you think?) I long to see R and A again. It is in a tradition which starts in
      the South, comes North (to the frontispiece e.g.), then is southernised again
      in the rococo.<br/> My film book goes very well. I have written 1000 words,
      at least, on Dreamboat which I saw yesterday. In fact I probably should not
      have gone to the cinema yesterday - nor. worked on my lectures at the Tate Gallery
      as long as I did, for my glands have swollen again. However, Dreamboat is excellent:
      you should certainly see it. Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable, also - quite well
      handled by a Touring Co. with Chris Hemett (of the Watergate Review) in the
      lead.<br/> What marvelous news about yet another American letter of praise for
      the Rector. I know how much C admires Ellis, too. Do congratulate him for me.
      I an sorry Haire is little better: how extraordinary about New Zealand. I am
      disgusted about that ridiculous place.<br/> Lion is gradually collecting material
      for the sex lecture (I see I am in a What''s On advertisement for the Sex. Ed.
      Soc.!), not all of which I may use, but I would like a margin. Something we
      left out was a case history or two of particular artists: I shall try and work
      one in (Hogarth, Nijinsky, Leonardo. I don''t know who yet.) [How about The
      Psychopathology of Dame Laura Knight?]<br/> Lincoln Girl''s school mistake me
      for Superman. They want 3 lectures in the morning: in the afternoon I introduce
      5 art films; in the evening another lecture. However on Saturday no duties to
      speak of & I shall get $15.   <br/> The Nov. Athene progresses well: even the
      "May" one advances.<br/> Do not worry about me. My glands will go down again
      over the weekend - certainly by the time you read this on Monday. I shall do
      my work in a semi-horizontal position: Lion as recumbent - reader. I shall not
      give up any more lectures as long as I still have chin!<br/> I adore you sweetheart,
      I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 3016
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a61460a-1ef3-421b-aa1b-499b826da57b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9494351
    median_ratio: 0.9560393
    max_ratio: 0.9610004
    min_ratio: 0.931226
    total_ratio: 4.7471755
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1312378
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1392281
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1966265
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0827447
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71265211
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908197
    user_name: highc51239
    created_at: 1.5059543e+09
    started_on: 1.5059517e+09
    ended_on: 1.5059543e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5045429e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5063654e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.505952e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2601.6459999
    minutes_annotating: 43.3607667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath   13 1x 52
      Dearest Sylvia
      Thank you for your stimulating and loving letter.  It makes me very happy.  How kind of you to send me Horizon so soon - masson: thank you, dearest love.
      I was interested in C's reasons for disliking Sweden.  I quite see that he [unclear]meades[/unclear] , and so does Eliot, so does greene.  But do months[unclear] lant and mauriac [/unclear] really only state?  Surely both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes?  Surely they decide on the destiny of their characters and so on, to express an attitude.  I think the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit each other; not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it suits a form.  By this test [unclear]suden[/unclear] at his best seems to me good.  The content of limestone is ridiculous: its relation to the form exquisite.  (That is my present view though I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides.)
      Delighted that [unclear]armido[/unclear] progresses so well.  Admirable; I am leased (I read the [unclear]Nidalsa[/unclear] article in the [unclear]Bush.Mag[/unclear] at breakfast (because you said you had read it)  I agree it is disjointed - but what a nice [unclear]frontispiece[/unclear], don't you think?) I long to see R and A again.  It is in a tradition which starts in the south, comes North (to the [unclear]frontespiece[/unclear], e.g) then is south [unclear]ernised[/unclear] again in the rococo.
      My film book goes very we.. I have written a 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat which I saw yesterday.  In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema yesterday - nor worked on my lectures at the Tate gallery as long as I did, for my glands have swollen again.  However, Dreamboat is excellent; you should certainly see it.  Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable, also - quite well handles by a Touring Co. with Chris Hewett (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.
      What marvellous news about yet another american letter of praise for the Rector.  I know how much C admire Ellis, too.  Do congratulate him for me.  I am sorry Kaine is little better; how extraordinary about New Zealand.  I am disgusted with that ridiculous place.
      [unclear]Lion [/unclear] is gradually collecting material for the six lecture (I see I am in a [unclear]weats Om [/unclear] advertisement for the [unclear]sen.Ed.Soc![/unclear]), not all of which I may use, but I would like a margin.  Something we left out was a case history or two of particular artists; I shall try and work one in (Kogarth, Nijinsky, Leonardo. I don't know who yet). (How about the Psychopathology of [unclear]Dametamia[/unclear] Knight?)
      Lincoln girls' School mistakes me for superman.  They want 3 lectures in the morning; in the afternoon I introduce 5 art films; in the evening another lecture.  However no duties on Saturday to speak of & I shall get 15(pounds).
      [unclear]TG Nov. Athene[/unclear] progresses well, even the "[unclear]may[/unclear]" one advances.
      Do not worry about me.  My glands [unclear]may[/unclear] go down again over the weekend - certainly by the time you read this on Monday.  I shall do my work in a [unclear]semi-boring-ontal [/unclear]position = Lion as recumbent - reader.  I shall not give up any more lectures as long as I still have a chin!
      I adore you sweetheart,  I adore you Lawrence.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 17
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath   13 1x 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you for
      your stimulating and loving letter.  It makes me very happy.  How kind of you
      to send me Horizon so soon - masson: thank you, dearest love.<br/>I was interested
      in C''s reasons for disliking Sweden.  I quite see that he meades , and so does
      Eliot, so does greene.  But do months lant and mauriac  really only state?  Surely
      both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes?  Surely they decide
      on the destiny of their characters and so on, to express an attitude.  I think
      the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit
      each other; not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it
      suits a form.  By this test suden at his best seems to me good.  The content
      of limestone is ridiculous: its relation to the form exquisite.  (That is my
      present view though I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides.)<br/>Delighted
      that armido progresses so well.  Admirable; I am leased (I read the Nidalsa
      article in the Bush.Mag at breakfast (because you said you had read it)  I agree
      it is disjointed - but what a nice frontispiece, don''t you think?) I long to
      see R and A again.  It is in a tradition which starts in the south, comes North
      (to the frontespiece, e.g) then is south ernised again in the rococo.<br/>My
      film book goes very we.. I have written a 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat
      which I saw yesterday.  In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema
      yesterday - nor worked on my lectures at the Tate gallery as long as I did,
      for my glands have swollen again.  However, Dreamboat is excellent; you should
      certainly see it.  Kiss Me Kate was very enjoyable, also - quite well handles
      by a Touring Co. with Chris Hewett (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.<br/>What
      marvellous news about yet another american letter of praise for the Rector.  I
      know how much C admire Ellis, too.  Do congratulate him for me.  I am sorry
      Kaine is little better; how extraordinary about New Zealand.  I am disgusted
      with that ridiculous place.<br/>Lion  is gradually collecting material for the
      six lecture (I see I am in a weats Om  advertisement for the sen.Ed.Soc!), not
      all of which I may use, but I would like a margin.  Something we left out was
      a case history or two of particular artists; I shall try and work one in (Kogarth,
      Nijinsky, Leonardo. I don''t know who yet). (How about the Psychopathology of
      Dametamia Knight?)<br/>Lincoln girls'' School mistakes me for superman.  They
      want 3 lectures in the morning; in the afternoon I introduce 5 art films; in
      the evening another lecture.  However no duties on Saturday to speak of & I
      shall get 15(pounds).<br/>TG Nov. Athene progresses well, even the "may" one
      advances.<br/>Do not worry about me.  My glands may go down again over the weekend
      - certainly by the time you read this on Monday.  I shall do my work in a semi-boring-ontal
      position = Lion as recumbent - reader.  I shall not give up any more lectures
      as long as I still have a chin!<br/>I adore you sweetheart,  I adore you Lawrence.'
    charcount: 3035
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a61460a-1ef3-421b-aa1b-499b826da57b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9363783
    median_ratio: 0.9372616
    max_ratio: 0.9423816
    min_ratio: 0.9263858
    total_ratio: 4.6818916
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1312378
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1392281
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1966265
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0827447
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71763647
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908197
    user_name: racjohn
    created_at: 1.5063654e+09
    started_on: 1.5063581e+09
    ended_on: 1.5063654e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_010.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5045429e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5063654e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5062976e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 7253.2189999
    minutes_annotating: 120.8869833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath 13 1x 52
      Dearest Sylvia
      Thank you for your stimulating and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you to send me [unclear]Horigon [/unclear] - and Masson: thank you, dearest love.
      I was interested in C's reasons for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches, and so does Eliot, so does Greene. But do Montherlant and Mauriac really only state? Surely both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes? Surely they decide on the destiny of their characters, and so on, to express an attitude. I think the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me good. The content of Limestone is ridiculous: its relation to the form exquisite. (That is my present view through I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides.)
      Delighted that [unclear]armido[/unclear] progresses so well. Admirable: I am pleased. (I read the Nicholson article in the [unclear]Blue Mag[/unclear] at breakfast (because you said you had read it): I agree it is disjointed - but what a nice frontispiece, don't you think?) I long to see R and A again. It is in a tradition which starts in the South, comes North (to the frontispiece, e.g), then is southernised again in the rococo.
      My film book goes very well. I have written a 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat which I saw yesterday. In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema yesterday - nor worked on my lecture at the Tate gallery as long as I did, for my glands have swollen again. However, Dreamboat is excellent: you should certainly see it. Kiss me Kate was very enjoyable, also - quite well handled by a Touring Co with [unclear]chris hemmett[/unclear] (of the Watergate [unclear]Review[/unclear]) in the lead.
      What marvellous news about yet another American letter of praise for the Rector. I know how much C admires Ellis, too. Do congratulate him for me. I am sorry [unclear]Haire[/unclear] is little better: how extra-ordinary about New Zealand. I am disgusted with that ridiculous place.
      [unclear]Lion [/unclear]is gradually collecting material for the Sex Lecture (I see I am in a [unclear]Went's Own[/unclear] Advertisement for the Sex. Ed. Soc!), not all of which I may use, but I would like a margin. something we left out was a case history of two particular artists: I shall try and work one in (Hogarth, Nijinsky, Leonardo - I don't know who yet). [How about The Psychopathology of [unclear]Dowelama [/unclear]Knight?]
      Lincoln Girls' school mistake me for superman. They want 3 lectures in the morning: in the afternoon I introduce 5 art films; in the evening another lecture. However no duties on Saturday to speak of and I shall get £15.
      T6 Nov. [unclear]Athens [/unclear]progresses well: even the "[unclear]may[/unclear]" one advances.
      Do not worry about me. My glands will go down again over the weekend - certainly by the time you read this on Monday. I shall do my work in a semi-horizontal position: LION as recumbent reader. I shall not give up any more lectures as long as I still have a chin!
      I adore you sweetheart,
      Adore you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 11
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath 13 1x 52<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>Thank you for
      your stimulating and loving letter. It makes me very happy. How kind of you
      to send me Horigon  - and Masson: thank you, dearest love.<br/>I was interested
      in C''s reasons for disliking Auden. I quite see that he preaches, and so does
      Eliot, so does Greene. But do Montherlant and Mauriac really only state? Surely
      both these writers fix things to justify their own attitudes? Surely they decide
      on the destiny of their characters, and so on, to express an attitude. I think
      the test is not objectivity versus preaching but whether form and content suit
      each other: not whether the content is legitimate outside the form but if it
      suits the form. By this test Auden at his best seems to me good. The content
      of Limestone is ridiculous: its relation to the form exquisite. (That is my
      present view through I acknowledge the pressures which cause one to take sides.)<br/>Delighted
      that armido progresses so well. Admirable: I am pleased. (I read the Nicholson
      article in the Blue Mag at breakfast (because you said you had read it): I agree
      it is disjointed - but what a nice frontispiece, don''t you think?) I long to
      see R and A again. It is in a tradition which starts in the South, comes North
      (to the frontispiece, e.g), then is southernised again in the rococo.<br/>My
      film book goes very well. I have written a 1000 words, at least, on Dreamboat
      which I saw yesterday. In fact I probably should not have gone to the cinema
      yesterday - nor worked on my lecture at the Tate gallery as long as I did, for
      my glands have swollen again. However, Dreamboat is excellent: you should certainly
      see it. Kiss me Kate was very enjoyable, also - quite well handled by a Touring
      Co with chris hemmett (of the Watergate Review) in the lead.<br/>What marvellous
      news about yet another American letter of praise for the Rector. I know how
      much C admires Ellis, too. Do congratulate him for me. I am sorry Haire is little
      better: how extra-ordinary about New Zealand. I am disgusted with that ridiculous
      place.<br/>Lion is gradually collecting material for the Sex Lecture (I see
      I am in a Went''s Own Advertisement for the Sex. Ed. Soc!), not all of which
      I may use, but I would like a margin. something we left out was a case history
      of two particular artists: I shall try and work one in (Hogarth, Nijinsky, Leonardo
      - I don''t know who yet). [How about The Psychopathology of Dowelama Knight?]<br/>Lincoln
      Girls'' school mistake me for superman. They want 3 lectures in the morning:
      in the afternoon I introduce 5 art films; in the evening another lecture. However
      no duties on Saturday to speak of and I shall get lb15.<br/>T6 Nov. Athens progresses
      well: even the "may" one advances.<br/>Do not worry about me. My glands will
      go down again over the weekend - certainly by the time you read this on Monday.
      I shall do my work in a semi-horizontal position: LION as recumbent reader.
      I shall not give up any more lectures as long as I still have a chin!<br/>I
      adore you sweetheart,<br/>Adore you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 3000
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a61460a-1ef3-421b-aa1b-499b826da57b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9512336
    median_ratio: 0.9543237
    max_ratio: 0.9576742
    min_ratio: 0.9350705
    total_ratio: 4.7561679
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.1312378
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1392281
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1966265
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0827447
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f09_010.jpg

---
