---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65324937
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931636
    user_name: not-logged-in-e1f9cf782f29f9aa3cb5
    created_at: 1.5016153e+09
    started_on: 1.5016143e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016153e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_3) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016153e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016846e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5015456e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1073.118
    minutes_annotating: 17.8853
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_3) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '3'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "     As you see from the last paragraph I have just received
      your letter. I do know Waller's poem and get much delight from it. I adore your
      description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities which,
      as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to quote,
      about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she loves her virtue too and so, when
      it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he loves her as her Mistress and never
      knows better as she leaves before dawn. His poems about the lady are famous.
      They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a time and then dying
      confesses to the priest of the deception. He buries her with the Poet and the
      Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together. \n     Thank you for
      the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia. \n
      \  Alas, even if Michael agrees, I don't believe I can manage to come on Thursday
      because I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the point, Mother
      says she won't have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete which
      she is attending for three days next week. \n    I know Les Mouches and agree
      that there is a triumphal note in it but that is just what I do not like and,
      really, I'm surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming committed to the
      people of Argos, the masses. Crestes is 'too light': that is he is not putting
      his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his parents and, excellently,
      does not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt ridden population
      of the city. This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays is too great:
      he puts his liberty at the service of the people which seems to me Bad Faith.
      The sceptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Crestes who is evangelical
      in a way. But I greatly admire the Crestes-Zeus dialogues. TH e piece is very
      much on the common man as, oddly, a part of Sartre is. The influence of the
      occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Euard and Arggon, is banal in
      its results. Only Contcau preserves his 'liberty' as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.\nHere
      is a quatrain for Sylvia:\nThe morning I see her as a bird\nNoon and a flag
      welcomes the sun\nEvening the trees are tranquil hives of feathers\nMorning
      anticipated this repose\n\nI love you very much. This letter has been rather
      anecdotal and realistic. Never mind: I can't change it now, But I must say again
      -- I love you.\n\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '     As you see from the last paragraph I have just received
      your letter. I do know Waller''s poem and get much delight from it. I adore
      your description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities
      which, as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to
      quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she loves her virtue too and
      so, when it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he loves her as her Mistress
      and never knows better as she leaves before dawn. His poems about the lady are
      famous. They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a time and then
      dying confesses to the priest of the deception. He buries her with the Poet
      and the Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together. <br/>     Thank
      you for the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia.
      <br/>   Alas, even if Michael agrees, I don''t believe I can manage to come
      on Thursday because I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the
      point, Mother says she won''t have my things ready before Friday because there
      is a fete which she is attending for three days next week. <br/>    I know Les
      Mouches and agree that there is a triumphal note in it but that is just what
      I do not like and, really, I''m surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming
      committed to the people of Argos, the masses. Crestes is ''too light'': that
      is he is not putting his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his
      parents and, excellently, does not feel remorse, and this is an example to the
      guilt ridden population of the city. This is alright but in my opinion the price
      he pays is too great: he puts his liberty at the service of the people which
      seems to me Bad Faith. The sceptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence
      Crestes who is evangelical in a way. But I greatly admire the Crestes-Zeus dialogues.
      TH e piece is very much on the common man as, oddly, a part of Sartre is. The
      influence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Euard and Arggon,
      is banal in its results. Only Contcau preserves his ''liberty'' as in The Eagle
      Has Two Heads.<br/>Here is a quatrain for Sylvia:<br/>The morning I see her
      as a bird<br/>Noon and a flag welcomes the sun<br/>Evening the trees are tranquil
      hives of feathers<br/>Morning anticipated this repose<br/><br/>I love you very
      much. This letter has been rather anecdotal and realistic. Never mind: I can''t
      change it now, But I must say again -- I love you.<br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2436
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a3290f6e-c729-4bcc-87c3-19e7580a4455.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9735644
    median_ratio: 0.9727164
    max_ratio: 0.9783298
    min_ratio: 0.9705263
    total_ratio: 5.8413865
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0598847
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0578842
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0984997
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0283019
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65368553
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931636
    user_name: Flinx8
    created_at: 1.5016364e+09
    started_on: 1.5016333e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016364e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (iPad; CPU OS 10_3_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.0 Mobile/14G60 Safari/602.1
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016153e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016846e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 3115.974
    minutes_annotating: 51.9329
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (iPad; CPU OS 10_3_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.0 Mobile/14G60 Safari/602.1
    ua.family: Mobile Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: iOS
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '3'
    device.family: iPad
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: '3'
    device.brand: Apple
    device.model: iPad
    annotation_text: |-
      As you can see from the last paragraph I have just received your letter. I do know Waller's poem and get much delight from it. I adore your description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities which, as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she loves her virtue too and so, when it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he loves her as her Mistress and never knows better as she leaves before dawn. His poems about [unclear]the[/unclear] lady are famous. They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a while and then dying confesses to a priest of the deception. He buries her with the Poet and the Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together.

      Thank you for the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia.

      Alas, even if Michael agrees, I don't believe I can manage to come on Thursday because I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the point, Mother says she won't have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete she is attending for three days next week.

      I know Les Mouches and agree that there is a triumphal acts in it but that is just what I do not like and, really, I am surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming committed to the people of Argos, the masses. Crestes is 'too light': that is he is not putting his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his parents, excellently, does not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt ridden population of the city. This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays is too great: he puts his liberty at the service of the people which seems to me Bad Faith. The sceptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Crestes who is evangelical in a way. But I greatly admire the Crestes-Zeus dialogues. The piece is very much on the side of the common man as, oddly, Sartre is. The influence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eluard and Aragon, is banal in its results. Only Cocteau preserves his 'liberty' as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.

      Here is a quatrain for Sylvia:
      The morning I see her as a bird
      Noon and a flag welcomes the sun
      Evening the trees are tranquil hives of feathers
      Morning anticipated this repose

      I love you so very much. This letter has been rather anecdotal and realistic. Never mind: I can't change it now. But I must say again - I love you.

      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'As you can see from the last paragraph I have just received
      your letter. I do know Waller''s poem and get much delight from it. I adore
      your description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities
      which, as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to
      quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she loves her virtue too and
      so, when it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he loves her as her Mistress
      and never knows better as she leaves before dawn. His poems about the lady are
      famous. They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a while and
      then dying confesses to a priest of the deception. He buries her with the Poet
      and the Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together.<br/><br/>Thank
      you for the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia.<br/><br/>Alas,
      even if Michael agrees, I don''t believe I can manage to come on Thursday because
      I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the point, Mother says
      she won''t have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete she is
      attending for three days next week.<br/><br/>I know Les Mouches and agree that
      there is a triumphal acts in it but that is just what I do not like and, really,
      I am surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming committed to the people
      of Argos, the masses. Crestes is ''too light'': that is he is not putting his
      liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his parents, excellently, does
      not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt ridden population of the
      city. This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays is too great: he puts
      his liberty at the service of the people which seems to me Bad Faith. The sceptical
      hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Crestes who is evangelical in a way.
      But I greatly admire the Crestes-Zeus dialogues. The piece is very much on the
      side of the common man as, oddly, Sartre is. The influence of the occupation
      by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eluard and Aragon, is banal in its results.
      Only Cocteau preserves his ''liberty'' as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.<br/><br/>Here
      is a quatrain for Sylvia:<br/>The morning I see her as a bird<br/>Noon and a
      flag welcomes the sun<br/>Evening the trees are tranquil hives of feathers<br/>Morning
      anticipated this repose<br/><br/>I love you so very much. This letter has been
      rather anecdotal and realistic. Never mind: I can''t change it now. But I must
      say again - I love you.<br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2418
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a3290f6e-c729-4bcc-87c3-19e7580a4455.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9643193
    median_ratio: 0.9633636
    max_ratio: 0.9713376
    min_ratio: 0.9585106
    total_ratio: 5.7859156
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0598847
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0578842
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0984997
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0283019
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65379363
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931636
    user_name: not-logged-in-e2dd8f0135d722dcf974
    created_at: 1.5016438e+09
    started_on: 1.5016376e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016438e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016153e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016846e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 6199.628
    minutes_annotating: 103.3271333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "As you see from the last paragraph I have just received your
      letter.   I do know Waller's poem and get much delight from it.  I adore your
      description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities which,
      as you know, I admire together.  There is a poem by Yeats, too long to quote,
      about a fine lady who loves a poet. but she loves her virtue too and so, when
      it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: He loves her as her Mistress and never
      knows better as she leaves before dawn.  His poems are famous. They die and
      are buried.  The maid survives for a time and then dying confesses to the priest
      of the deception. He buries her with the poet and the lady and three rose bushes
      over each grave grow together. \n\nThank you for the kind and understanding
      things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia. \n\nAlas, even if Michael agrees,
      I don't believe I can manage to come on Thursday because I have two appointments
      on that day and, but this is the point, Mother says she won't have my things
      ready before Friday because there is a fete which she is attending for three
      days next week.\n\nI know Les Mouches and agree that there is a triumphant note
      in it but that is just what I do not like and, really, I'm surprised you do.
      \ The triumph is that of becoming committed to the people of Argos, the masses.
      \ Orestes is 'too light': That is he is not putting his liberty into effect.
      He uses his liberty to Kill his parents and, excellently, does not feel remorse,
      and this is an example of the guilt ridden population of the city.  This is
      alright but in my opinion the price he pays is too great:  he puts his liberty
      at the service of the people which seems to me Bad Faith. The skeptical hedonism
      of the tutor fails to influence Orestes who is a evangelical in a way.  But
      I greatly admire the Orestes-Zeus drogues.   The piece is very much on the side
      of the common man as, oddly, a part of the Sartre is.  The influence of the
      occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eduardo and Arggon, is banal
      in its results. Only Cocteau preserves his 'liberty' as the Eagle Has Two Heads.
      \n\nHere is a quatrain for Sylvia:\n\nThe morning I see her as a bird\nNoon
      and a flag welcomes the sun\nEvening the trees are tranquil hives of feathers\nMorning
      anticipated this repose. \n\nI love you so very much.  This letter has been
      rather anecdotal and realistic.  Never mind: I can't change it now. But I must
      say it again- I love you. \nLawrence "
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'As you see from the last paragraph I have just received
      your letter.   I do know Waller''s poem and get much delight from it.  I adore
      your description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities
      which, as you know, I admire together.  There is a poem by Yeats, too long to
      quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet. but she loves her virtue too and
      so, when it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: He loves her as her Mistress
      and never knows better as she leaves before dawn.  His poems are famous. They
      die and are buried.  The maid survives for a time and then dying confesses to
      the priest of the deception. He buries her with the poet and the lady and three
      rose bushes over each grave grow together. <br/><br/>Thank you for the kind
      and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia. <br/><br/>Alas,
      even if Michael agrees, I don''t believe I can manage to come on Thursday because
      I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the point, Mother says
      she won''t have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete which
      she is attending for three days next week.<br/><br/>I know Les Mouches and agree
      that there is a triumphant note in it but that is just what I do not like and,
      really, I''m surprised you do.  The triumph is that of becoming committed to
      the people of Argos, the masses.  Orestes is ''too light'': That is he is not
      putting his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to Kill his parents and,
      excellently, does not feel remorse, and this is an example of the guilt ridden
      population of the city.  This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays
      is too great:  he puts his liberty at the service of the people which seems
      to me Bad Faith. The skeptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Orestes
      who is a evangelical in a way.  But I greatly admire the Orestes-Zeus drogues.   The
      piece is very much on the side of the common man as, oddly, a part of the Sartre
      is.  The influence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eduardo
      and Arggon, is banal in its results. Only Cocteau preserves his ''liberty''
      as the Eagle Has Two Heads. <br/><br/>Here is a quatrain for Sylvia:<br/><br/>The
      morning I see her as a bird<br/>Noon and a flag welcomes the sun<br/>Evening
      the trees are tranquil hives of feathers<br/>Morning anticipated this repose.
      <br/><br/>I love you so very much.  This letter has been rather anecdotal and
      realistic.  Never mind: I can''t change it now. But I must say it again- I love
      you. <br/>Lawrence '
    charcount: 2438
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a3290f6e-c729-4bcc-87c3-19e7580a4455.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9699578
    median_ratio: 0.9727605
    max_ratio: 0.9757384
    min_ratio: 0.9580679
    total_ratio: 5.8197468
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0598847
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0578842
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0984997
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0283019
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65430476
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931636
    user_name: rcohn
    created_at: 1.501682e+09
    started_on: 1.5016813e+09
    ended_on: 1.501682e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016153e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016846e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 666.2390001
    minutes_annotating: 11.1039833
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      As you see from the last paragraph I have just received your letter. I do know Waller's poem and get much delight from it. I adore your description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities which, as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she lover her virtue too and so, when it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he lover her as her Mistress and never knows better as she leaves before dawn. He poems about [unclear] the lady[/unclear] are famous. They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a time and then dying confesses to the priest of the deception. He buries her with the Poet and the Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together.

      Thank you for the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia.

      Alas, even if Michael agrees, I don't believe I can man-age to come on Thursday because I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the point, Mother says she won't have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete which she is attending for three days next week.

      I know Les Mouches and agree that there is a triumphal note in it but that is just what I do not like and, really, I'm surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming com-mitted to the people of Argos, the masses. Orestes is 'too light': that is he is not putting his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his parents and, excellently, does not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt ridden population of the city. This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays is too great: he puts his liberty at the service of the people which seems to me Bad Faith. The sceptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Ores-tes who is evangelical in a way. But I greatly admire the Orestes-Zeus [unclear]dudogues[/unclear]. The piece is very much on the side of the common man, as oddly, a part of Sartre is. The in-fluence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eluard and Arggon, is banal in its results. Only Cocteau preserves his 'liberty' as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.

      Here is a quatrain for my Sylvia:

      The morning I see her as a bird
      Noon and a flag welcomes the sun
      Evening the trees are tranquil hives of feathers
      Morning anticipated this repose

      I love you so very much. This letter has been rather anecdotal and unrealistic. Never mind: I can't change it now. But I must say again - I love you.

      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'As you see from the last paragraph I have just received
      your letter. I do know Waller''s poem and get much delight from it. I adore
      your description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities
      which, as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to
      quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she lover her virtue too and
      so, when it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he lover her as her Mistress
      and never knows better as she leaves before dawn. He poems about  the lady are
      famous. They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a time and then
      dying confesses to the priest of the deception. He buries her with the Poet
      and the Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together.<br/><br/>Thank
      you for the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia.<br/><br/>Alas,
      even if Michael agrees, I don''t believe I can man-age to come on Thursday because
      I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the point, Mother says
      she won''t have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete which
      she is attending for three days next week.<br/><br/>I know Les Mouches and agree
      that there is a triumphal note in it but that is just what I do not like and,
      really, I''m surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming com-mitted to
      the people of Argos, the masses. Orestes is ''too light'': that is he is not
      putting his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his parents and,
      excellently, does not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt ridden
      population of the city. This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays
      is too great: he puts his liberty at the service of the people which seems to
      me Bad Faith. The sceptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Ores-tes
      who is evangelical in a way. But I greatly admire the Orestes-Zeus dudogues.
      The piece is very much on the side of the common man, as oddly, a part of Sartre
      is. The in-fluence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eluard
      and Arggon, is banal in its results. Only Cocteau preserves his ''liberty''
      as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.<br/><br/>Here is a quatrain for my Sylvia:<br/><br/>The
      morning I see her as a bird<br/>Noon and a flag welcomes the sun<br/>Evening
      the trees are tranquil hives of feathers<br/>Morning anticipated this repose<br/><br/>I
      love you so very much. This letter has been rather anecdotal and unrealistic.
      Never mind: I can''t change it now. But I must say again - I love you.<br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2443
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a3290f6e-c729-4bcc-87c3-19e7580a4455.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9801425
    median_ratio: 0.9808703
    max_ratio: 0.9873418
    min_ratio: 0.9676221
    total_ratio: 5.8808548
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0598847
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0578842
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0984997
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0283019
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65437601
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931636
    user_name: Bambina41
    created_at: 1.5016846e+09
    started_on: 1.5016835e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016845e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016153e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016846e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1064.336
    minutes_annotating: 17.7389333
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "As you see from the last paragraph I have just received your
      letter. I do know Waller's poem and get much delight from it. I adore your description
      of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities which, as you know,
      I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to quote, about a fine
      lady who loves a poet. But she loves her virtue too and so, when it is dark,
      sends her maid to the poet: he loves her as her Mistress and never knows better
      as she leaves before dawn. His poems about the lady[unclear][/unclear] are famous.
      They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a time and then dying
      confesses to the priest of the deception. He buries her with the Poet and the
      Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together. \n\nThank you for
      the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia. \n\nAlas,
      even if Michael agrees, I don't believe I can manage to come on Thursday because
      I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the point, Mother says
      she won't have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete which she
      is attending for three days next week.\n\nI know Des Mouches and agree that
      there is a triumphal note in it but that is just what I do not like and, really,
      I'm surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming committed to the people
      of Argos, that masses. Orestes is 'too light': that is he\n is not putting his
      liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his parents, and excellently,
      does not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt ridden population
      of the city. This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays is too great:
      he puts his liberty at the service of the people which seems to be Bad faith.
      The skeptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Orestes who is evangelical
      in a way.  But I greatly admire the Orestes-Zeus dudogues[unclear][/unclear].
      The piece is very much on the side of the common man as, oddly, a part of Sartre
      is. The influence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eluard
      and Aragon,is banal in its results. Only Cocteau preserves his 'liberty' as
      in The Eagle Has Two Heads.\n\nHere is a quatrain for Sylvia:\n\nThe morning
      I see her as a bird\nNoon and a flag welcomes the sun\nEvening the trees are
      tranquil hives of feathers\nMorning anticipated this repose\n\nI love you so
      very much. This letter has been rather anecdotal and realistic. Never mind:
      I can't change it now. But I must say again-I love you.\n\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'As you see from the last paragraph I have just received
      your letter. I do know Waller''s poem and get much delight from it. I adore
      your description of the rose bush, so accurate and so loving, two qualities
      which, as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to
      quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she loves her virtue too and
      so, when it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he loves her as her Mistress
      and never knows better as she leaves before dawn. His poems about the lady are
      famous. They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a time and then
      dying confesses to the priest of the deception. He buries her with the Poet
      and the Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together. <br/><br/>Thank
      you for the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia.
      <br/><br/>Alas, even if Michael agrees, I don''t believe I can manage to come
      on Thursday because I have two appointments on that day and, but this is the
      point, Mother says she won''t have my things ready before Friday because there
      is a fete which she is attending for three days next week.<br/><br/>I know Des
      Mouches and agree that there is a triumphal note in it but that is just what
      I do not like and, really, I''m surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming
      committed to the people of Argos, that masses. Orestes is ''too light'': that
      is he<br/> is not putting his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill
      his parents, and excellently, does not feel remorse, and this is an example
      to the guilt ridden population of the city. This is alright but in my opinion
      the price he pays is too great: he puts his liberty at the service of the people
      which seems to be Bad faith. The skeptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence
      Orestes who is evangelical in a way.  But I greatly admire the Orestes-Zeus
      dudogues. The piece is very much on the side of the common man as, oddly, a
      part of Sartre is. The influence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the
      poetry of Eluard and Aragon,is banal in its results. Only Cocteau preserves
      his ''liberty'' as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.<br/><br/>Here is a quatrain for
      Sylvia:<br/><br/>The morning I see her as a bird<br/>Noon and a flag welcomes
      the sun<br/>Evening the trees are tranquil hives of feathers<br/>Morning anticipated
      this repose<br/><br/>I love you so very much. This letter has been rather anecdotal
      and realistic. Never mind: I can''t change it now. But I must say again-I love
      you.<br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2436
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a3290f6e-c729-4bcc-87c3-19e7580a4455.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9790809
    median_ratio: 0.9796221
    max_ratio: 0.9883721
    min_ratio: 0.9660297
    total_ratio: 5.8744853
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0598847
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0578842
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0984997
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0283019
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65460198
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931636
    user_name: WiltedLotus
    created_at: 1.501692e+09
    started_on: 1.5016889e+09
    ended_on: 1.501692e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016153e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016846e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 3092.6800003
    minutes_annotating: 51.5446667
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      As you see from the last paragraph I have just received your letter. I do know Waller's poem and get so much delight from it. I adore your description of the rose bush so accurate and so loving, two qualities which, as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she loves her virtue too and so, when it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he loves her as her Mistress and never knows better as she leaves before dawn. His poems about the lady are famous. They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a time and then dying confesses to the priest the deception. He buries her with the Poet and the Lady and three rose bushes over each grave grow together.
      Thank you for the kind and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia.
      Alas, even if Michael agrees, I don't believe I can man-age to come on Thursday because I have two appointments on that day and, but this is beside the point, Mother says she won't have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete which she is attending for three days next week.

      I now Des Mouches and agree that there is a triumphal note in it but that is just what I do not like and, really, I'm surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming com-mitted to the people of Argos, the masses. Orestes is 'too light': that he is not putting his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his parents and, excellently, does not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt ridden population of the city. This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays is too great: he puts his liberty at the service of the people which seems to me Bad Faith. The sceptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Ores-tes who is evangelical in a way. But I greatly admire the Orestes-Zeus [unclear]dialogues[/unclear]. The piece is very much on the side of  the common man as, oddly, a part of Sartre is. The influence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eluard and Aragon, is banal for its results. Only Cocteau preserves his 'liberty' as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.

      Here is a quatrain for Sylvia:
      The morning I see her as a bird
      Noon and a flag welcomes the sun
      Evening the trees are tranquil hives of feathers
      Morning anticipated this repose

      I love you so very much. This letter has been rather anecdotal and realistic. Never mind: I can't change it now. But I must say again - I love you.

      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'As you see from the last paragraph I have just received
      your letter. I do know Waller''s poem and get so much delight from it. I adore
      your description of the rose bush so accurate and so loving, two qualities which,
      as you know, I admire together. There is a poem by Yeats, too long to quote,
      about a fine lady who loves a poet. But she loves her virtue too and so, when
      it is dark, sends her maid to the poet: he loves her as her Mistress and never
      knows better as she leaves before dawn. His poems about the lady are famous.
      They die and are buried together. The maid survives for a time and then dying
      confesses to the priest the deception. He buries her with the Poet and the Lady
      and three rose bushes over each grave grow together.<br/>Thank you for the kind
      and understanding things you say about the owl poem, my Sylvia.<br/>Alas, even
      if Michael agrees, I don''t believe I can man-age to come on Thursday because
      I have two appointments on that day and, but this is beside the point, Mother
      says she won''t have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete which
      she is attending for three days next week.<br/><br/>I now Des Mouches and agree
      that there is a triumphal note in it but that is just what I do not like and,
      really, I''m surprised you do. The triumph is that of becoming com-mitted to
      the people of Argos, the masses. Orestes is ''too light'': that he is not putting
      his liberty into effect. He uses his liberty to kill his parents and, excellently,
      does not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt ridden population
      of the city. This is alright but in my opinion the price he pays is too great:
      he puts his liberty at the service of the people which seems to me Bad Faith.
      The sceptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Ores-tes who is evangelical
      in a way. But I greatly admire the Orestes-Zeus dialogues. The piece is very
      much on the side of  the common man as, oddly, a part of Sartre is. The influence
      of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry of Eluard and Aragon, is
      banal for its results. Only Cocteau preserves his ''liberty'' as in The Eagle
      Has Two Heads.<br/><br/>Here is a quatrain for Sylvia:<br/>The morning I see
      her as a bird<br/>Noon and a flag welcomes the sun<br/>Evening the trees are
      tranquil hives of feathers<br/>Morning anticipated this repose<br/><br/>I love
      you so very much. This letter has been rather anecdotal and realistic. Never
      mind: I can''t change it now. But I must say again - I love you.<br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2439
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a3290f6e-c729-4bcc-87c3-19e7580a4455.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9772192
    median_ratio: 0.9780507
    max_ratio: 0.9847046
    min_ratio: 0.9665605
    total_ratio: 5.8633155
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0598847
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0578842
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0984997
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0283019
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65533113
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 10931636
    user_name: southsidesunny
    created_at: 1.5017172e+09
    started_on: 1.5016933e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017172e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016153e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5016846e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 23980.473
    minutes_annotating: 399.67455
    n_annotations: 10
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "   As you see from the last paragraph I have just received\nyour
      letter. I do know Waller's poem and get much delight\nfrom it.   I adore your
      description of the rose bush, so\naccurate and so loving, two qualities which,
      as you know,\nI admire together.  There is a poem by Yeats, too long to\nquote,
      about a fine lady who loves a poet.  But she loves\nher virtue too and so, when
      it is dark, sends her maid to\nthe poet:  he loves her as her Mistress and never
      knows\nbetter as she leaves before dawn.  His poems now today are famous.\nThey
      die and are buried together.  The maid survives for a time\nand then dying confesses
      to the priest of the deception.\nHe buries her with the Poet and the Lady and
      three rose\nbushes over each grave grow together.\n\n     Thank you for the
      kind and understanding things you say\nabout the owl poem, my Sylvia.\n\n    Alas,
      even if Michael agrees, I don't believe I can man-\nage to come on Thursday
      because I have two appointments on\nthat day and, but this is the point, Mother
      says she won't\nhave my things ready before Friday because there is a fete\nwhich
      she is attending for three days next week.\n\n     I know Les Mouches and agree
      that there is a triumphal \nnote in it but that is just what I do not like and,
      really,\nI'm surprised you do.  The triumph is that of becoming com-\nmitted
      to the people of Argos, the masses.  Orestes is 'too\nlight':  that is he is
      not putting his liberty into effect.\nHe uses his liberty to kill his parents
      and, excellently,\ndoes not feel remorse, and this is an example to the guilt\nridden
      population of the city.  This is alright but in my \nopinion the price he pays
      is too great:  he puts his liberty\nat the service of the people which seems
      to be Bad Faith.\nThe sceptical hedonism of the tutor fails to influence Ores-\ntes
      who is evangelical in a way.  But I greatly admire the\nOrestes-Zeus dialogues.
      \ The piece is very much on the side\nof the common man as, oddly, a part of
      Sartre is.  The in-\nfluence of the occupation by the Germans, as in the poetry\nof
      Eluard and Aragon is banal in its results.  Only Cocteau\npreserves his 'liberty'
      as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.\n\nHere is a quatrain for Sylvia:\n\n     The
      morning I see her as a bird\n      Noon and a flag welcomes the sun\n     Evening
      the trees are tranquil hives of feathers\n     Morning anticipated this repose
      \n\nI love you so very much.  This letter has been rather anec-\ndotal and realistic.
      \ Never mind:  I can't change it now.\nBut I must say again - I love you.\n\n
      \                           Lawrence\n\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '   As you see from the last paragraph I have just received<br/>your
      letter. I do know Waller''s poem and get much delight<br/>from it.   I adore
      your description of the rose bush, so<br/>accurate and so loving, two qualities
      which, as you know,<br/>I admire together.  There is a poem by Yeats, too long
      to<br/>quote, about a fine lady who loves a poet.  But she loves<br/>her virtue
      too and so, when it is dark, sends her maid to<br/>the poet:  he loves her as
      her Mistress and never knows<br/>better as she leaves before dawn.  His poems
      now today are famous.<br/>They die and are buried together.  The maid survives
      for a time<br/>and then dying confesses to the priest of the deception.<br/>He
      buries her with the Poet and the Lady and three rose<br/>bushes over each grave
      grow together.<br/><br/>     Thank you for the kind and understanding things
      you say<br/>about the owl poem, my Sylvia.<br/><br/>    Alas, even if Michael
      agrees, I don''t believe I can man-<br/>age to come on Thursday because I have
      two appointments on<br/>that day and, but this is the point, Mother says she
      won''t<br/>have my things ready before Friday because there is a fete<br/>which
      she is attending for three days next week.<br/><br/>     I know Les Mouches
      and agree that there is a triumphal <br/>note in it but that is just what I
      do not like and, really,<br/>I''m surprised you do.  The triumph is that of
      becoming com-<br/>mitted to the people of Argos, the masses.  Orestes is ''too<br/>light'':  that
      is he is not putting his liberty into effect.<br/>He uses his liberty to kill
      his parents and, excellently,<br/>does not feel remorse, and this is an example
      to the guilt<br/>ridden population of the city.  This is alright but in my <br/>opinion
      the price he pays is too great:  he puts his liberty<br/>at the service of the
      people which seems to be Bad Faith.<br/>The sceptical hedonism of the tutor
      fails to influence Ores-<br/>tes who is evangelical in a way.  But I greatly
      admire the<br/>Orestes-Zeus dialogues.  The piece is very much on the side<br/>of
      the common man as, oddly, a part of Sartre is.  The in-<br/>fluence of the occupation
      by the Germans, as in the poetry<br/>of Eluard and Aragon is banal in its results.  Only
      Cocteau<br/>preserves his ''liberty'' as in The Eagle Has Two Heads.<br/><br/>Here
      is a quatrain for Sylvia:<br/><br/>     The morning I see her as a bird<br/>      Noon
      and a flag welcomes the sun<br/>     Evening the trees are tranquil hives of
      feathers<br/>     Morning anticipated this repose <br/><br/>I love you so very
      much.  This letter has been rather anec-<br/>dotal and realistic.  Never mind:  I
      can''t change it now.<br/>But I must say again - I love you.<br/><br/>                            Lawrence<br/><br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2530
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/a3290f6e-c729-4bcc-87c3-19e7580a4455.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9811177
    median_ratio: 0.9820293
    max_ratio: 0.9894515
    min_ratio: 0.9713376
    total_ratio: 5.8867061
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0598847
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0578842
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0984997
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0283019
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1428571
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b01_f05_047.jpg

---
