---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f08_033
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 66548651
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751397
    user_name: applepi314
    created_at: 1.5025191e+09
    started_on: 1.5025176e+09
    ended_on: 1.5025191e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/49.0.2623.112 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f08_033.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025191e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5030755e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502496e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1575.3670001
    minutes_annotating: 26.2561167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.0) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/49.0.2623.112 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '49'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows Vista
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2623'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "31.8.51\n\nBlackheath\nFriday\n\nDearest Sylvia,\nThank you
      so much for your long letters. I'm afraid by now you\nwill have received my
      bad news about Birmingham. I have not\nheard from Leeds and I tend to think
      that means I have not got\nonto the short list  even: if I were being considered
      I believe\nI would have heard by now. Unsuccessful candidates are always \nthe
      last to hear.\n\nYes, I agree with your list of 'What's On': I want to see all\nthe
      things you mention. I have not been to Lansburry or Batter-\nsea myself. You
      ask me to let you know what day you should go\nand see Muriel. I don't know:
      any time. I am lecturing on\n4th, 6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th, 25th, 27th at
      the Tate. On\nWednesdays I shall be at Banstead. I will let you know when they
      start, latish in September, I think.\n\nI am dying to see you again. It is so
      long since we were to-\ngether. I feel as anxious and solitary as ever in our
      first\nyear when we were apart. Oh, dearest love, I adore you. I\ncannot think
      how I shall wait for another two weeks or so with-\nout seeing you.\n\nThat
      is good news about Desiree's portrait- how nice of Clifford\nand how nice for
      Desiree. To say nothing of your pleasure in\nso congenial a commission. I am
      sure she will be willing to\npose for Persephone and I do think that you have
      made a very\ninteresting piece of ‘casting'. You will do for Persephone what\nyou
      have done for the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms. \n\nYou are quite
      right about Horton who is, in non-popular directions,\nrather rationalistic.
      In fact the editor of Athene cut out one\nor two fines and highers as it was.
      He also thinks in terms of \ncliches about abstraction: retreat from reality,
      and all that.\n\nDo ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent though
      I\nam doubtful of her reaction when she reads it. I think your idea\nof sending
      it to French kindly met but somewhat overhopeful. It\nis rather like submitting
      a Matte to the National Portrait Gallery.\nIt is possible the play might be
      staged at John McHales's sometime-\nperhaps at a party. I am glad Clifford liked
      it.\n\nIf Clifford was knocked down twice by the tide whatever happened\nto
      you and Desiree? Still the fact you are able to write allays\nmy fears. What
      a sea that must have been. I bet Clifford was\nfurious.\n\nWhat a shock to have
      Mary [unclear]Openheim[/unclear] visit you. What an odd opin-\nion of hers that
      it was a good thing Charles had not married a\nfilm-star type. I suppose she
      means good for the film-star type!\nShe is, as you say, nice and quite dotty.
      I am glad she likes\nyour painting: I think you livliness and your sense of
      colour would\n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '31.8.51<br/><br/>Blackheath<br/>Friday<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia,<br/>Thank you so much for your long letters. I''m afraid by now you<br/>will
      have received my bad news about Birmingham. I have not<br/>heard from Leeds
      and I tend to think that means I have not got<br/>onto the short list  even:
      if I were being considered I believe<br/>I would have heard by now. Unsuccessful
      candidates are always <br/>the last to hear.<br/><br/>Yes, I agree with your
      list of ''What''s On'': I want to see all<br/>the things you mention. I have
      not been to Lansburry or Batter-<br/>sea myself. You ask me to let you know
      what day you should go<br/>and see Muriel. I don''t know: any time. I am lecturing
      on<br/>4th, 6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th, 25th, 27th at the Tate. On<br/>Wednesdays
      I shall be at Banstead. I will let you know when they start, latish in September,
      I think.<br/><br/>I am dying to see you again. It is so long since we were to-<br/>gether.
      I feel as anxious and solitary as ever in our first<br/>year when we were apart.
      Oh, dearest love, I adore you. I<br/>cannot think how I shall wait for another
      two weeks or so with-<br/>out seeing you.<br/><br/>That is good news about Desiree''s
      portrait- how nice of Clifford<br/>and how nice for Desiree. To say nothing
      of your pleasure in<br/>so congenial a commission. I am sure she will be willing
      to<br/>pose for Persephone and I do think that you have made a very<br/>interesting
      piece of ''casting''. You will do for Persephone what<br/>you have done for
      the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms. <br/><br/>You are quite right
      about Horton who is, in non-popular directions,<br/>rather rationalistic. In
      fact the editor of Athene cut out one<br/>or two fines and highers as it was.
      He also thinks in terms of <br/>cliches about abstraction: retreat from reality,
      and all that.<br/><br/>Do ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent
      though I<br/>am doubtful of her reaction when she reads it. I think your idea<br/>of
      sending it to French kindly met but somewhat overhopeful. It<br/>is rather like
      submitting a Matte to the National Portrait Gallery.<br/>It is possible the
      play might be staged at John McHales''s sometime-<br/>perhaps at a party. I
      am glad Clifford liked it.<br/><br/>If Clifford was knocked down twice by the
      tide whatever happened<br/>to you and Desiree? Still the fact you are able to
      write allays<br/>my fears. What a sea that must have been. I bet Clifford was<br/>furious.<br/><br/>What
      a shock to have Mary Openheim visit you. What an odd opin-<br/>ion of hers that
      it was a good thing Charles had not married a<br/>film-star type. I suppose
      she means good for the film-star type!<br/>She is, as you say, nice and quite
      dotty. I am glad she likes<br/>your painting: I think you livliness and your
      sense of colour would<br/>'
    charcount: 2585
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8f864913-5363-4466-b166-7a3f5ef48295.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9687096
    median_ratio: 0.9799096
    max_ratio: 0.9949774
    min_ratio: 0.8990683
    total_ratio: 4.8435479
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.174388
    median_dissimilarity: 0.051901
    max_dissimilarity: 0.4439977
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0135635
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66574561
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751397
    user_name: jennfurr
    created_at: 1.5025518e+09
    started_on: 1.5025513e+09
    ended_on: 1.5025519e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/49.0.2623.112 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f08_033.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025191e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5030755e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502496e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 552.733
    minutes_annotating: 9.2122167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/49.0.2623.112 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '49'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows XP
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2623'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\nFriday\n\nDearest Sylvia,\nThank you so much for
      your long letters. I'm afraid by now you\nwill have received my bad news about
      Birmingham. I have not\nheard from Leeds and I tend to think that means I have
      not got\nonto the short list even: if I were being considered I believe \nI
      would have heard by now. Unsuccessful candidates are always\nthe last to hear.\n\nYes,
      I agree with your list of \"What's On'\" I want to see all\nthe things you mention.
      I have not been to Lansbury or Batter-\nsea myself. You ask me to let you know
      what day you shoudl go\nand see Muriel. I don't know: any time. I am lecturing
      on\n4th, 6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th, 25th, 27th at the Tate. On\nWednesdays
      I shall be at Banstead. I will let you know when\nthey start, latish in September,
      I think.\n\nI am dying to see you again. It is so long since we were to-\ngether.
      I feel as anxious and solitary as ever in our first\nyear when we were apart.
      Oh, dearest love, I adore you. I\ncannot think how I shall wait for another
      two weeks or so with-\nout seeing you.\n\nThat is good news about Desiree's
      portrait - how nice of Clifford\nand how nice for Desiree. To say nothing of
      your pleasure in\nso congenial a commission. I am sure she will be willing to
      \npost for Persephone and I do think that you have made a very\ninteresting
      piece of 'casting'. You will do for Persephone what\nyou have done for the Flight,
      beguiling the myth into new forms.\n\nYou are quite right about Horton, who
      is, in non-popular directions \nrather rationalistic. \n\n[unclear]...and now
      because it's typed text, my transcription has gone off the bottom of the page
      and I  can't flip between the transcription box and the picture of the original.
      \ Sorry.[/unclear]"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Friday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank
      you so much for your long letters. I''m afraid by now you<br/>will have received
      my bad news about Birmingham. I have not<br/>heard from Leeds and I tend to
      think that means I have not got<br/>onto the short list even: if I were being
      considered I believe <br/>I would have heard by now. Unsuccessful candidates
      are always<br/>the last to hear.<br/><br/>Yes, I agree with your list of "What''s
      On''" I want to see all<br/>the things you mention. I have not been to Lansbury
      or Batter-<br/>sea myself. You ask me to let you know what day you shoudl go<br/>and
      see Muriel. I don''t know: any time. I am lecturing on<br/>4th, 6th, 11th, 13th,
      18th, 20th, 25th, 27th at the Tate. On<br/>Wednesdays I shall be at Banstead.
      I will let you know when<br/>they start, latish in September, I think.<br/><br/>I
      am dying to see you again. It is so long since we were to-<br/>gether. I feel
      as anxious and solitary as ever in our first<br/>year when we were apart. Oh,
      dearest love, I adore you. I<br/>cannot think how I shall wait for another two
      weeks or so with-<br/>out seeing you.<br/><br/>That is good news about Desiree''s
      portrait - how nice of Clifford<br/>and how nice for Desiree. To say nothing
      of your pleasure in<br/>so congenial a commission. I am sure she will be willing
      to <br/>post for Persephone and I do think that you have made a very<br/>interesting
      piece of ''casting''. You will do for Persephone what<br/>you have done for
      the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms.<br/><br/>You are quite right
      about Horton, who is, in non-popular directions <br/>rather rationalistic. <br/><br/>...and
      now because it''s typed text, my transcription has gone off the bottom of the
      page and I  can''t flip between the transcription box and the picture of the
      original.  Sorry.'
    charcount: 1684
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8f864913-5363-4466-b166-7a3f5ef48295.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.6591226
    median_ratio: 0.6593186
    max_ratio: 0.6629834
    min_ratio: 0.6539427
    total_ratio: 3.2956129
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.174388
    median_dissimilarity: 0.051901
    max_dissimilarity: 0.4439977
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0135635
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66642112
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751397
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5026007e+09
    started_on: 1.5025995e+09
    ended_on: 1.5026007e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f08_033.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025191e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5030755e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5025824e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1249.3239999
    minutes_annotating: 20.8220667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "[3-8-51]  Blackheath Friday  Dearest Sylvia,\nThank you so much
      for your long letters.  I'm afraid by now you\nwill have received my bad news
      about Birmingham.  I have not\nheard from Leeds and I tend to think that means
      I have not got\nonto the short list even:  If I were being considered I believe\nI
      would have heard by now.  Unsuccessful candidates are always \nthe last to hear.\n\nYes,
      I agree with your list of 'What's On':  I want to see all\nthe things you mention.
      \ I have not been to Lansbury or Batter-\nsea myself.  You ask me, to let you
      know what day you should go\nand see Muriel.  I don't know: any time.  I am
      lecturing on\n4th, 6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th, 25th, 27th at the Tate.  On\nWednesdays
      I shall be at Banstead.  I will let you know when\nthey start, latish in September,
      I think.\n\nI am dying to see you again.  It is so long since we were to-\ngether.
      \ I feel as anxious and solitary as ever in our first\nyear when we were apart.
      \ Oh, dearest love, I love you.  I\ncannot think how I shall wait for another
      two weeks or so with-\nout seeing you.\n\nThat is good news about Desiree's
      protrait - how nice of Clifford\nand how nice for Desiree.  To say nothing of
      your pleasure in\nso congenial a commission.  I am sure she will be willing
      to\npose for Persephone and I do think that you have made a very\ninteresting
      place of 'casting'.  You will do for Persophone what\nyou have done for the
      Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms.\n\nYou are quite right about Horton
      who is, in non-popular directions,\nrather rationalistic.  In fact the editor
      of Athene cut out one\nor two fines and highers as it was.  He also thinks in
      terms of\ncliches about abatraction: retreat from reality, and all that.\n\nDo
      ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent thoughI\nam doubtful of
      her reaction when she reads it.  I think your idea\nof sending it French kindly
      met but somewhat everhopeful.  It\nis rather like submitting a Matta to the
      National Portrait Gallery.\nIt is possible the play might be staged at John
      McHale's sometime -\nperhaps at a party.  I am glad Clifford liked it.\n\nIf
      Clifford was knocked down twice by the tide whatever happened\nto you and Desiree?
      \ Still the fact you are able to write allays\nmy fears.  What a sea that must
      have been.  I bet Clifford was\nfurious.\n\nWhat a shock to have Mary Oppenheim
      vist you.  What an odd opin-\nion of hers that it was a good thing Charles had
      not married a\nfilm-star type.  I suppose she means good for the film-star type:\nShe
      is, as you say, nice and quite dotty.  I am glad she likes\nyour painting:  I
      think your livliness and your sense of colour would"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '[3-8-51]  Blackheath Friday  Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank you
      so much for your long letters.  I''m afraid by now you<br/>will have received
      my bad news about Birmingham.  I have not<br/>heard from Leeds and I tend to
      think that means I have not got<br/>onto the short list even:  If I were being
      considered I believe<br/>I would have heard by now.  Unsuccessful candidates
      are always <br/>the last to hear.<br/><br/>Yes, I agree with your list of ''What''s
      On'':  I want to see all<br/>the things you mention.  I have not been to Lansbury
      or Batter-<br/>sea myself.  You ask me, to let you know what day you should
      go<br/>and see Muriel.  I don''t know: any time.  I am lecturing on<br/>4th,
      6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th, 25th, 27th at the Tate.  On<br/>Wednesdays I shall
      be at Banstead.  I will let you know when<br/>they start, latish in September,
      I think.<br/><br/>I am dying to see you again.  It is so long since we were
      to-<br/>gether.  I feel as anxious and solitary as ever in our first<br/>year
      when we were apart.  Oh, dearest love, I love you.  I<br/>cannot think how I
      shall wait for another two weeks or so with-<br/>out seeing you.<br/><br/>That
      is good news about Desiree''s protrait - how nice of Clifford<br/>and how nice
      for Desiree.  To say nothing of your pleasure in<br/>so congenial a commission.  I
      am sure she will be willing to<br/>pose for Persephone and I do think that you
      have made a very<br/>interesting place of ''casting''.  You will do for Persophone
      what<br/>you have done for the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms.<br/><br/>You
      are quite right about Horton who is, in non-popular directions,<br/>rather rationalistic.  In
      fact the editor of Athene cut out one<br/>or two fines and highers as it was.  He
      also thinks in terms of<br/>cliches about abatraction: retreat from reality,
      and all that.<br/><br/>Do ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent
      thoughI<br/>am doubtful of her reaction when she reads it.  I think your idea<br/>of
      sending it French kindly met but somewhat everhopeful.  It<br/>is rather like
      submitting a Matta to the National Portrait Gallery.<br/>It is possible the
      play might be staged at John McHale''s sometime -<br/>perhaps at a party.  I
      am glad Clifford liked it.<br/><br/>If Clifford was knocked down twice by the
      tide whatever happened<br/>to you and Desiree?  Still the fact you are able
      to write allays<br/>my fears.  What a sea that must have been.  I bet Clifford
      was<br/>furious.<br/><br/>What a shock to have Mary Oppenheim vist you.  What
      an odd opin-<br/>ion of hers that it was a good thing Charles had not married
      a<br/>film-star type.  I suppose she means good for the film-star type:<br/>She
      is, as you say, nice and quite dotty.  I am glad she likes<br/>your painting:  I
      think your livliness and your sense of colour would'
    charcount: 2609
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8f864913-5363-4466-b166-7a3f5ef48295.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.959797
    median_ratio: 0.9769539
    max_ratio: 0.9844299
    min_ratio: 0.8897516
    total_ratio: 4.7989852
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.174388
    median_dissimilarity: 0.051901
    max_dissimilarity: 0.4439977
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0135635
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67122793
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751397
    user_name: not-logged-in-535f37d57bb5467f0ea2
    created_at: 1.5028995e+09
    started_on: 1.5028987e+09
    ended_on: 1.5028995e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f08_033.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025191e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5030755e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5028416e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 857.4329998
    minutes_annotating: 14.29055
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      Friday
      Dearest Sylvia,
      Thank you so much for your long letters.  I'm afraid by now you will have received my bad news about Birmingham.  I have not heard from Leeds and I tend to think that means I have not got onto the short list even: if I were being considered I believe I would have heard by now.  Unsuccessful candidates are always the last to hear.

      Yes, I agree with your list of 'What's On': I want to see all the things you mention.  I have not been to Lansbury or Battersea myself.  You ask me to let you know what day you should go and see Muriel.  I don't know:  any time.  I am lecturing on 4th, 6th,11th, 13th, 18th, 20th, 25th, 27th at the Tate.  On Wednesdays I shall be at Banstead.  I will let you know when they start, latish in September, I think.

      I am dying to see you again.  It is so long since we were together.  I feel as anxious and solitary as ever in our first year when we were apart.  Oh, dearest love, I adore you.  I cannot think how I shall wait for another two weeks or so without seeing you.

      That is good news about Desiree's portrait - how nice of Clifford and how nice for Desiree.  To say nothing of your pleasure in so congenial a commission.  I am sure she will be willing to pose for Persephone and I do think that you have made a very interesting piece of 'casting'.  You will do for Persephone what you have done for the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms.

      You are quite right about Horton who is, in non-popular directions, rather rationalistic.  In fact the editor of Athene cut out one or two fines and highers as it was.  He also thinks in terms of cliches about abstraction:  retreat from reality, and all that.

      Do ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent though I am doubtful of her reaction when she reads it.  I think your idea of sending it to French kindly met but somewhat overhopeful.  It is rather like submitting a Matta to the National Portrait Gallery.  It is possible the play might be staged at John McHale's sometime - perhaps at a party.  I am glad Clifford liked it.

      If Clifford was knocked down twice by the tide whatever happened to you and Desiree?  Still the fact you are able to write allays my fears.  What a sea that must have been.  I bet Clifford was furious.

      What a shock to have Mary Oppenheim visit you.  What an odd opinion of hers that it was a good thing Charles had not married a film-star type.  I suppose she means good for the film-star type!  She is, as you say, nice and quite dotty.  I am glad she likes your painting:  I think your livliness and your sense of colour would
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Friday<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank you
      so much for your long letters.  I''m afraid by now you will have received my
      bad news about Birmingham.  I have not heard from Leeds and I tend to think
      that means I have not got onto the short list even: if I were being considered
      I believe I would have heard by now.  Unsuccessful candidates are always the
      last to hear.<br/><br/>Yes, I agree with your list of ''What''s On'': I want
      to see all the things you mention.  I have not been to Lansbury or Battersea
      myself.  You ask me to let you know what day you should go and see Muriel.  I
      don''t know:  any time.  I am lecturing on 4th, 6th,11th, 13th, 18th, 20th,
      25th, 27th at the Tate.  On Wednesdays I shall be at Banstead.  I will let you
      know when they start, latish in September, I think.<br/><br/>I am dying to see
      you again.  It is so long since we were together.  I feel as anxious and solitary
      as ever in our first year when we were apart.  Oh, dearest love, I adore you.  I
      cannot think how I shall wait for another two weeks or so without seeing you.<br/><br/>That
      is good news about Desiree''s portrait - how nice of Clifford and how nice for
      Desiree.  To say nothing of your pleasure in so congenial a commission.  I am
      sure she will be willing to pose for Persephone and I do think that you have
      made a very interesting piece of ''casting''.  You will do for Persephone what
      you have done for the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms.<br/><br/>You
      are quite right about Horton who is, in non-popular directions, rather rationalistic.  In
      fact the editor of Athene cut out one or two fines and highers as it was.  He
      also thinks in terms of cliches about abstraction:  retreat from reality, and
      all that.<br/><br/>Do ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent though
      I am doubtful of her reaction when she reads it.  I think your idea of sending
      it to French kindly met but somewhat overhopeful.  It is rather like submitting
      a Matta to the National Portrait Gallery.  It is possible the play might be
      staged at John McHale''s sometime - perhaps at a party.  I am glad Clifford
      liked it.<br/><br/>If Clifford was knocked down twice by the tide whatever happened
      to you and Desiree?  Still the fact you are able to write allays my fears.  What
      a sea that must have been.  I bet Clifford was furious.<br/><br/>What a shock
      to have Mary Oppenheim visit you.  What an odd opinion of hers that it was a
      good thing Charles had not married a film-star type.  I suppose she means good
      for the film-star type!  She is, as you say, nice and quite dotty.  I am glad
      she likes your painting:  I think your livliness and your sense of colour would'
    charcount: 2595
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8f864913-5363-4466-b166-7a3f5ef48295.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9704411
    median_ratio: 0.9836901
    max_ratio: 0.993487
    min_ratio: 0.9006211
    total_ratio: 4.8522056
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.174388
    median_dissimilarity: 0.051901
    max_dissimilarity: 0.4439977
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0135635
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67321962
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751397
    user_name: claireschmieder
    created_at: 1.5030002e+09
    started_on: 1.5029991e+09
    ended_on: 1.5030002e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f08_033.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025191e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5030755e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502928e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1144.3189998
    minutes_annotating: 19.0719833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "                                                                                 [3-8-51]\nBlackheath\nFriday\n\nDearest
      Sylvia,\nThank you so much for your long letters. I'm afraid by now you\nwill
      have received my bad news about Birmingham. I have not\nheard from Leeds and
      I tend to think that means I have not got\nonto the short list even: if I were
      being considered I believe \nI would have heard by now. Unsuccessful candidates
      are always \nthe last to know.\n\nYes, I agree with your list of 'What's On':
      I want to see all \nthe things you mention. I have not been to Lansbury or Batter-\nsea
      myself. You ask me to let you know what day you should go\n and see Muriel.
      I don't know: any time. I am lecturing on \n4th, 6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th,
      \ 25th, 27th at the Tate. On \nWednesdays I shall be at Banstead. I will let
      you know when \nthey start, latish in September, I think.\n\nI am dying to see
      you again. It is so long since we were to-\ngether. I feel as anxious and solitary
      as ever in our first\nyear when we were apart. Oh, dearest love, I adore you.
      I \ncannot think how I shall wait for another two weeks or so with-\nout seeing
      you.\n\nThat is good news about Desiree's portrait - how nice of Clifford \nand
      how nice for Desiree. To say nothing of your pleasure in \nso congenial a commission.
      I am sure she will be willing to \npose for Persephone and I do think that you
      have made a very \ninteresting piece of 'casting'. You will do for Persephone
      what \nyou have done for the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms.\n\nYou
      are quite right about Horton who is, in non-popular directions, \nrather rationalistic.
      In fact the editor of Athene cut out one\nor two fines and highers as it was.
      He also thinks in terms of \ncliches about abstraction: retreat from reality,
      and all that.\n\nDo ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent though
      I \nam doubtful of her reaction when she reads it. I think your idea \nof sending
      it to French kindly met but somewhat overhopeful. It \nis rather like submitting
      a Matta to the National Portrait Gallery. \nIt is possible the play might be
      staged at John McHale's sometime - \nperhaps at a party. I am glad Clifford
      liked it.\n\nIf Clifford was knocked down twice by the tide whatever happened
      \nto you and Desiree? Still the fact you are able to write allays \nmy fears.
      What a sea that must have been. I bet Clifford was \nfurious.\n\nWhat a shock
      to have Mary Oppenheim visit you. What an odd opin-\nion of hers that it was
      a good thing Charles had not married a \nfilm-star type. I suppose she means
      good for the film-star type! \nShe is, as you say, nice and quite dotty. I am
      glad she likes \nyour painting: I think your liveliness and your sense of colour
      would"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '                                                                                 [3-8-51]<br/>Blackheath<br/>Friday<br/><br/>Dearest
      Sylvia,<br/>Thank you so much for your long letters. I''m afraid by now you<br/>will
      have received my bad news about Birmingham. I have not<br/>heard from Leeds
      and I tend to think that means I have not got<br/>onto the short list even:
      if I were being considered I believe <br/>I would have heard by now. Unsuccessful
      candidates are always <br/>the last to know.<br/><br/>Yes, I agree with your
      list of ''What''s On'': I want to see all <br/>the things you mention. I have
      not been to Lansbury or Batter-<br/>sea myself. You ask me to let you know what
      day you should go<br/> and see Muriel. I don''t know: any time. I am lecturing
      on <br/>4th, 6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th,  25th, 27th at the Tate. On <br/>Wednesdays
      I shall be at Banstead. I will let you know when <br/>they start, latish in
      September, I think.<br/><br/>I am dying to see you again. It is so long since
      we were to-<br/>gether. I feel as anxious and solitary as ever in our first<br/>year
      when we were apart. Oh, dearest love, I adore you. I <br/>cannot think how I
      shall wait for another two weeks or so with-<br/>out seeing you.<br/><br/>That
      is good news about Desiree''s portrait - how nice of Clifford <br/>and how nice
      for Desiree. To say nothing of your pleasure in <br/>so congenial a commission.
      I am sure she will be willing to <br/>pose for Persephone and I do think that
      you have made a very <br/>interesting piece of ''casting''. You will do for
      Persephone what <br/>you have done for the Flight, beguiling the myth into new
      forms.<br/><br/>You are quite right about Horton who is, in non-popular directions,
      <br/>rather rationalistic. In fact the editor of Athene cut out one<br/>or two
      fines and highers as it was. He also thinks in terms of <br/>cliches about abstraction:
      retreat from reality, and all that.<br/><br/>Do ask your mother-in-law about
      producing Virginia Dent though I <br/>am doubtful of her reaction when she reads
      it. I think your idea <br/>of sending it to French kindly met but somewhat overhopeful.
      It <br/>is rather like submitting a Matta to the National Portrait Gallery.
      <br/>It is possible the play might be staged at John McHale''s sometime - <br/>perhaps
      at a party. I am glad Clifford liked it.<br/><br/>If Clifford was knocked down
      twice by the tide whatever happened <br/>to you and Desiree? Still the fact
      you are able to write allays <br/>my fears. What a sea that must have been.
      I bet Clifford was <br/>furious.<br/><br/>What a shock to have Mary Oppenheim
      visit you. What an odd opin-<br/>ion of hers that it was a good thing Charles
      had not married a <br/>film-star type. I suppose she means good for the film-star
      type! <br/>She is, as you say, nice and quite dotty. I am glad she likes <br/>your
      painting: I think your liveliness and your sense of colour would'
    charcount: 2691
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8f864913-5363-4466-b166-7a3f5ef48295.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9686006
    median_ratio: 0.9826707
    max_ratio: 0.9954797
    min_ratio: 0.8959627
    total_ratio: 4.8430032
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.174388
    median_dissimilarity: 0.051901
    max_dissimilarity: 0.4439977
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0135635
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67436528
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751397
    user_name: not-logged-in-871b63ab56575f45735b
    created_at: 1.5030755e+09
    started_on: 1.5030743e+09
    ended_on: 1.5030755e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f08_033.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025191e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5030755e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5030144e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1244.1939998
    minutes_annotating: 20.7365667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      Friday

      Dearest Sylvia,
      Thank you so much for your long letters.  I'm afraid by now you will have received my bad news about the Birmingham.  I have not heard from the Leeds and I rend to thing that means I have not got onto the short list even:   if I were being considered I believe I would have heard by now.  Unsuccessful candidates are always the last to hear.

      Yes, I agree with your list of 'What's On': I want to see all the things you mention.  I have not been to Lansbury or Batter-sea myself.  You ask me to let you know what day you should go and see Muriel.  I don't know: any time.  I am lecturing on 4th, 6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th, 25th, 27th at the Tate.  On Wednesdays I shall be at Banstead.  I will let you know when they start, latish in September, I think.

      I am dying to see you again.  It is so long since we were to-gether.  I feel as anxious and solitary as ever in our first year when we were apart.  Oh, dearest love, I adore you.  I cannot think how I shall wait for another two weeks or so with-out seeing you.

      That is goof news about Desirée's portrait - how nice of Clifford and how nice for Desi[unclear]ere[/unclear].  To say nothing of your pleasure in so congenial a commission.  I am sure she will be willing to pose for Persephone and I do think that you have made a very interesting piece of 'casting'.  You will do for Persephone what you have done for the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms.

      You are quite right about Horton who is, in non-popular directions, rather rationalistic.   In fact the editor of Athene cut out one or two fines and highers as it was.   He also thinks in terms of cliches about abstraction: retreat from reality, and all that.

      Do ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent though I am doubtful of her reaction when she reads it.  I think your idea of sending it to French kindly met but somewhat overhopeful.  It is rather like submitting a Matta to the National Portrait Gallery.  It is possible the play might be staged at John McHale's sometime - perhaps at a party.   I am glad Clifford liked it.

      If Clifford was knocked down twice by the tide whatever happened to you and Desiree?   Still the fact you are able to write allays my fears.   What a sea that must have been.   I bet Clifford was furious.

      What a shock to have Mary Olpenheim visit you.   What an odd opin-ion of hers that it was a good thing Charles had not married the film-star type!  She is, as you say, nice and quite dotty.   I am glad she likes your painting: I think your liveliness and your sense of colour would
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>Friday<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank
      you so much for your long letters.  I''m afraid by now you will have received
      my bad news about the Birmingham.  I have not heard from the Leeds and I rend
      to thing that means I have not got onto the short list even:   if I were being
      considered I believe I would have heard by now.  Unsuccessful candidates are
      always the last to hear.<br/><br/>Yes, I agree with your list of ''What''s On'':
      I want to see all the things you mention.  I have not been to Lansbury or Batter-sea
      myself.  You ask me to let you know what day you should go and see Muriel.  I
      don''t know: any time.  I am lecturing on 4th, 6th, 11th, 13th, 18th, 20th,
      25th, 27th at the Tate.  On Wednesdays I shall be at Banstead.  I will let you
      know when they start, latish in September, I think.<br/><br/>I am dying to see
      you again.  It is so long since we were to-gether.  I feel as anxious and solitary
      as ever in our first year when we were apart.  Oh, dearest love, I adore you.  I
      cannot think how I shall wait for another two weeks or so with-out seeing you.<br/><br/>That
      is goof news about Desir''ee''s portrait - how nice of Clifford and how nice
      for Desiere.  To say nothing of your pleasure in so congenial a commission.  I
      am sure she will be willing to pose for Persephone and I do think that you have
      made a very interesting piece of ''casting''.  You will do for Persephone what
      you have done for the Flight, beguiling the myth into new forms.<br/><br/>You
      are quite right about Horton who is, in non-popular directions, rather rationalistic.   In
      fact the editor of Athene cut out one or two fines and highers as it was.   He
      also thinks in terms of cliches about abstraction: retreat from reality, and
      all that.<br/><br/>Do ask your mother-in-law about producing Virginia Dent though
      I am doubtful of her reaction when she reads it.  I think your idea of sending
      it to French kindly met but somewhat overhopeful.  It is rather like submitting
      a Matta to the National Portrait Gallery.  It is possible the play might be
      staged at John McHale''s sometime - perhaps at a party.   I am glad Clifford
      liked it.<br/><br/>If Clifford was knocked down twice by the tide whatever happened
      to you and Desiree?   Still the fact you are able to write allays my fears.   What
      a sea that must have been.   I bet Clifford was furious.<br/><br/>What a shock
      to have Mary Olpenheim visit you.   What an odd opin-ion of hers that it was
      a good thing Charles had not married the film-star type!  She is, as you say,
      nice and quite dotty.   I am glad she likes your painting: I think your liveliness
      and your sense of colour would'
    charcount: 2570
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8f864913-5363-4466-b166-7a3f5ef48295.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.956288
    median_ratio: 0.9714429
    max_ratio: 0.9794073
    min_ratio: 0.8913043
    total_ratio: 4.7814402
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.174388
    median_dissimilarity: 0.051901
    max_dissimilarity: 0.4439977
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0135635
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f08_033.jpg

---
