---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_003
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 71768460
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249699
    user_name: Chris5420
    created_at: 1.5063687e+09
    started_on: 1.5063658e+09
    ended_on: 1.5063685e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 4.4.2; GT-P5210 Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.116 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_003.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063687e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069612e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5062976e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 2737.8380001
    minutes_annotating: 45.6306333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 4.4.2; GT-P5210 Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.116 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Android
    os.major: '4'
    os.minor: '4'
    device.family: Samsung GT-P5210
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: '2'
    device.brand: Samsung
    device.model: GT-P5210
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      I  II  1953
      My dearest Sylvia,
      Forgive me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless dur-ing my stay with you. It was inexcusable - yet forgive me. I do love you - and so very dearly. I know I hurt you and I regret it bitterly: remember, however, please, my cold which affected me without my realising what is was. I still feel rather tired and jumpy and I am sure it was this sensation which made me behave as I did. You know how ir-rational one is when unwell, particularly if you have not realised that your mood is only a symptom, as much as a run-ning nose. Poor love, you are far from well yourself. I hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry, despite your lover's conduct.
      The Kensington Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next exhibitions and they are nicely designed. The next cards I have will be yours, my love, and I long for this. Do not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will be a great success. I have extended my list of people to write to, I started it in the train on Friday, as I said I would.
      Friday night when I reached the ICA I found del Renzio had been trying to contact me. Duthuit and the three paint-ers had not turned up and so he was desperately improvising a discussion. He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody called Michael Compton, and I took the platform . This was  very sudden and I was reluctant to do so as I felt rotten and had not seen the pictures. However, I could not say 'no' as I was there. Toni and Banham were favourable  so I decided not to be. After I spoke I got a weak round of applause: it was weak, but it was the only applause  there was, so maybe it was worth something. Actually, the paint-ings are not as interesting as I hoped.
      You may remember that there is to be an exhibition called The Beauty and Terror of the Human Head at the ICA in March. I have been asked to lecture on it: a title like The Head in 20c art has been suggested. Banham is going to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I shall do mine. It is a nice subject  and I am glad to appear at the ICA.
      Speaking of lectures: the Travel Agency who wrote to me (you remember the weird phrasing and a new para. for every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the season. It does not look as if I shall get more than a 1 a lecture but still - it would all be additional to my present earnings.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>I  II  1953<br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>Forgive
      me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless dur-ing my stay with you. It was
      inexcusable - yet forgive me. I do love you - and so very dearly. I know I hurt
      you and I regret it bitterly: remember, however, please, my cold which affected
      me without my realising what is was. I still feel rather tired and jumpy and
      I am sure it was this sensation which made me behave as I did. You know how
      ir-rational one is when unwell, particularly if you have not realised that your
      mood is only a symptom, as much as a run-ning nose. Poor love, you are far from
      well yourself. I hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry, despite your
      lover''s conduct.<br/>The Kensington Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next
      exhibitions and they are nicely designed. The next cards I have will be yours,
      my love, and I long for this. Do not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure
      you will be a great success. I have extended my list of people to write to,
      I started it in the train on Friday, as I said I would.<br/>Friday night when
      I reached the ICA I found del Renzio had been trying to contact me. Duthuit
      and the three paint-ers had not turned up and so he was desperately improvising
      a discussion. He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody called Michael Compton,
      and I took the platform . This was  very sudden and I was reluctant to do so
      as I felt rotten and had not seen the pictures. However, I could not say ''no''
      as I was there. Toni and Banham were favourable  so I decided not to be. After
      I spoke I got a weak round of applause: it was weak, but it was the only applause  there
      was, so maybe it was worth something. Actually, the paint-ings are not as interesting
      as I hoped.<br/>You may remember that there is to be an exhibition called The
      Beauty and Terror of the Human Head at the ICA in March. I have been asked to
      lecture on it: a title like The Head in 20c art has been suggested. Banham is
      going to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I shall do mine. It is
      a nice subject  and I am glad to appear at the ICA.<br/>Speaking of lectures:
      the Travel Agency who wrote to me (you remember the weird phrasing and a new
      para. for every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the season.
      It does not look as if I shall get more than a 1 a lecture but still - it would
      all be additional to my present earnings.'
    charcount: 2363
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8dc18152-2e25-43b9-aba7-42224c5467ed.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9869844
    median_ratio: 0.9906645
    max_ratio: 0.9934174
    min_ratio: 0.9716621
    total_ratio: 4.9349221
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0356685
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0321522
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0705128
    min_dissimilarity: 0.00998
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.5
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71798020
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249699
    user_name: RommelC
    created_at: 1.5063911e+09
    started_on: 1.5063902e+09
    ended_on: 1.5063911e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux armv7l; rv:45.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/45.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_003.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063687e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069612e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 939.4500003
    minutes_annotating: 15.6575
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux armv7l; rv:45.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/45.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '45'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Linux
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n1 ii 1953\n\nMy dearest Sylvia,\n\nForgive me for
      being so unpleasant and thoughtless during my stay with you. It was inexcusable-
      yet forgive me. I do love you- and so very dearly. I know I hurt you and I regret
      it bitterly: remember, however, please, my cold which affected me without my
      realising what it was. I still feel rather tired and jumpy and I am sure it
      was this sensation which made me behave as I did. You know how irrational one
      is when unwell, particularly if you have not realised that your mood is only
      a sympton, as much as a running nose.  Poor love, you are far from well yourself.
      I hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry, depsite your lover's conduct.
      \n\nThe Kensington Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next exhibitions and
      they are nicely designed. The next cards I have will be yours, my love, and
      I long for this. Do not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will be
      a great success. I have extended my list of people to write to, I started it
      in the train on Friday, as I said I would. \n\nFriday night when I reached the
      ICA I found del Renzic had been trying to contact me. Duthuit and the three
      painters had not turnd up and so he was desperately improvising a discussion.
      He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody called Michael Compton, and I took
      the platform. This was very sudden and I was reluctant to do so as I felt rotten
      and had not seen the pictures. However, I could not say 'no' as I was there.
      Toni and Banham were favourable so I decided not to be. After I spoke I got
      a weak round of applause: it was weak, but it was only the applause there was,
      so maybe it was worth something. Actually, the paintings are not as interesting
      as I hoped.\n\nYou may remember that there is to be an exhibition called 'The
      Beauty and Terror of the Human Head' at the ICA in March. I have been asked
      to lecture on it: a title like The Head in 20th century art has been suggested.
      Banham is going to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I shall do mine.
      It is a nice subject and I am glad to appear at the ICA.\n\nSpeaking of lectures:
      the Travel Agency who wrote me (you remember the weird phrasing and a new paragaph
      for every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the season. It does
      not look as if I shall get more than a pound a lecture but still- it would all
      be additonal to my present earnings.\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>1 ii 1953<br/><br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Forgive
      me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless during my stay with you. It was inexcusable-
      yet forgive me. I do love you- and so very dearly. I know I hurt you and I regret
      it bitterly: remember, however, please, my cold which affected me without my
      realising what it was. I still feel rather tired and jumpy and I am sure it
      was this sensation which made me behave as I did. You know how irrational one
      is when unwell, particularly if you have not realised that your mood is only
      a sympton, as much as a running nose.  Poor love, you are far from well yourself.
      I hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry, depsite your lover''s conduct.
      <br/><br/>The Kensington Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next exhibitions
      and they are nicely designed. The next cards I have will be yours, my love,
      and I long for this. Do not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will
      be a great success. I have extended my list of people to write to, I started
      it in the train on Friday, as I said I would. <br/><br/>Friday night when I
      reached the ICA I found del Renzic had been trying to contact me. Duthuit and
      the three painters had not turnd up and so he was desperately improvising a
      discussion. He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody called Michael Compton,
      and I took the platform. This was very sudden and I was reluctant to do so as
      I felt rotten and had not seen the pictures. However, I could not say ''no''
      as I was there. Toni and Banham were favourable so I decided not to be. After
      I spoke I got a weak round of applause: it was weak, but it was only the applause
      there was, so maybe it was worth something. Actually, the paintings are not
      as interesting as I hoped.<br/><br/>You may remember that there is to be an
      exhibition called ''The Beauty and Terror of the Human Head'' at the ICA in
      March. I have been asked to lecture on it: a title like The Head in 20th century
      art has been suggested. Banham is going to do one and, when I come back from
      Yorkshire, I shall do mine. It is a nice subject and I am glad to appear at
      the ICA.<br/><br/>Speaking of lectures: the Travel Agency who wrote me (you
      remember the weird phrasing and a new paragaph for every sentence) may mean
      a fair amount of work during the season. It does not look as if I shall get
      more than a pound a lecture but still- it would all be additonal to my present
      earnings.<br/>'
    charcount: 2371
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8dc18152-2e25-43b9-aba7-42224c5467ed.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9767475
    median_ratio: 0.9780581
    max_ratio: 0.9797038
    min_ratio: 0.9715068
    total_ratio: 4.8837376
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0356685
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0321522
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0705128
    min_dissimilarity: 0.00998
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.5
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71838142
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249699
    user_name: Eboo
    created_at: 1.5064328e+09
    started_on: 1.506432e+09
    ended_on: 1.5064328e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/50.0.2661.102 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_003.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063687e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069612e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 723.1110001
    minutes_annotating: 12.05185
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
      Chrome/50.0.2661.102 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '50'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Linux
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2661'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n1 ii 1953\nMy dearest Sylvia,\nForgive me for being
      so unpleasant and thoughtless dur-\ning my stay with you. It was inexcusable
      - yet forgive me.\nI do love you - and so very dearly. I know I hurt you and\nI
      regret it bitterly: remember, however, please, my cold\nwhich affected me without
      my realising what it was. I\nstill feel rather tired and jumpy and I am sure
      it was this\nsensation which made me behave as I did. You know how ir-\nrational
      one is when unwell, particularly if you have not\nrealised that your mood is
      only a symptom, as much as a run-\nning nose. Poor love, you are far from well
      yourself.\nI hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry, despite\nyour
      lover's conduct.\nThe Kinsington Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next\nexhibitions
      and they are nicely designed. The next cards\nI have will be yours, my love,
      and I long for this. Do\nnot feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will
      be\na great success. I have extended my list of people to write to, I started
      it in the train on Friday, as I said I \nwould.\nFriday night when I reached
      the ICA I found del Renzio\nhad been trying to contact me. Duthuit and the three
      paint-\ners had not turned up and so he was desperately improvising\na discussion.
      He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody\ncalled Michael Compton, and I
      took the platform. This was\nvery sudden and I was reluctant to do so as I felt
      rotten\nand had not seen the pictures. However, I could not say\n'no' as I was
      there. Toni and Banham were favourable so\nI decided not to be. After I spoke
      I got a weak round of\napplause: it was weak, but it was the only applause there\nwas,
      so maybe it was worth something. Actually, the paint-\nings are not as interesting
      as I hoped.\nYou may remember that there is to be an exhibition\ncalled The
      Beauty and Terror of the Human Head at the ICA\nin March. I have been asked
      to lecture on it: a title\nlike The Head in 20c art has been suggested. Banham
      is\ngoing to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I\nshall do mine.
      It is a nice subject and I am glad to ap-\npear at the ICA.\nSpeaking of lectures:
      the Travel Agency who wrote to\nme (you remember the weird phrasing and a new
      para. for\nevery sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the\nseason.
      It does not look as if I shall get more than\na £1 a lecture but still - it
      would all be additional to\nmy present earnings."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>1 ii 1953<br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>Forgive
      me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless dur-<br/>ing my stay with you. It
      was inexcusable - yet forgive me.<br/>I do love you - and so very dearly. I
      know I hurt you and<br/>I regret it bitterly: remember, however, please, my
      cold<br/>which affected me without my realising what it was. I<br/>still feel
      rather tired and jumpy and I am sure it was this<br/>sensation which made me
      behave as I did. You know how ir-<br/>rational one is when unwell, particularly
      if you have not<br/>realised that your mood is only a symptom, as much as a
      run-<br/>ning nose. Poor love, you are far from well yourself.<br/>I hope that
      you will rest and sleep and not worry, despite<br/>your lover''s conduct.<br/>The
      Kinsington Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next<br/>exhibitions and they
      are nicely designed. The next cards<br/>I have will be yours, my love, and I
      long for this. Do<br/>not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will
      be<br/>a great success. I have extended my list of people to write to, I started
      it in the train on Friday, as I said I <br/>would.<br/>Friday night when I reached
      the ICA I found del Renzio<br/>had been trying to contact me. Duthuit and the
      three paint-<br/>ers had not turned up and so he was desperately improvising<br/>a
      discussion. He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody<br/>called Michael
      Compton, and I took the platform. This was<br/>very sudden and I was reluctant
      to do so as I felt rotten<br/>and had not seen the pictures. However, I could
      not say<br/>''no'' as I was there. Toni and Banham were favourable so<br/>I
      decided not to be. After I spoke I got a weak round of<br/>applause: it was
      weak, but it was the only applause there<br/>was, so maybe it was worth something.
      Actually, the paint-<br/>ings are not as interesting as I hoped.<br/>You may
      remember that there is to be an exhibition<br/>called The Beauty and Terror
      of the Human Head at the ICA<br/>in March. I have been asked to lecture on it:
      a title<br/>like The Head in 20c art has been suggested. Banham is<br/>going
      to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I<br/>shall do mine. It is a
      nice subject and I am glad to ap-<br/>pear at the ICA.<br/>Speaking of lectures:
      the Travel Agency who wrote to<br/>me (you remember the weird phrasing and a
      new para. for<br/>every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the<br/>season.
      It does not look as if I shall get more than<br/>a lb1 a lecture but still -
      it would all be additional to<br/>my present earnings.'
    charcount: 2366
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8dc18152-2e25-43b9-aba7-42224c5467ed.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9882996
    median_ratio: 0.9934174
    max_ratio: 0.9967087
    min_ratio: 0.9722071
    total_ratio: 4.9414981
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0356685
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0321522
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0705128
    min_dissimilarity: 0.00998
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.5
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72401016
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249699
    user_name: Infinicorn
    created_at: 1.5067359e+09
    started_on: 1.5067351e+09
    ended_on: 1.5067359e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/57.0.2987.133 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_003.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063687e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069612e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5067296e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 778.5999999
    minutes_annotating: 12.9766667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/57.0.2987.133 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '57'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2987'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      1 ii 1953

      My dearest Sylvia,

           Forgive me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless dur-
      ing my stay with you. It was inexcusable - yet forgive me.
      I do love you - and so very dearly. I know I hurt you and
      I regret it bitterly: remember, however, please, my cold
      which affected me without my realising what it was. I
      still feel rather tired and jumpy and I am sure it was this
      sensation which made me behave as I did. You know how ir-
      rational one is when unwell, particularly if you have not
      realised that your mood is only a symptom, as a run-
      ning nose. Poor love, you are far from well yourself.
      I hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry, despite
      your lover's conduct.
           The Kensington Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next
      exhibitions and they are nicely designed. The next cards
      I have will be yours, my love, and I long for this. Do
      not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will be
      a great success. I have extended my list of people to
      write to, I started it in the train on Friday, as I said I
      would.
           Friday night when I reached the ICA I found del Renzio
      had been trying to contact me. Duthuit and the three pain-
      ers had not turned up and so he was desperately improvising
      a discussion. He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody
      called Michael Compton, and I took the platform. This was
      very sudden and I was reluctant to do so as I felt rotten
      and had not seen the pictures. However, I could not say
      'no' as I was there. Toni and Banham were favourable so
      I decided not to be. After I spoke I got a weak round of
      applause: it was weak, but it was the only applause there
      was, so maybe it was worth something. Actually, the paint-
      ings are not as interesting as I had hoped.
           You may remember that there is to be an exhibition
      called The Beauty and Terror of the Human Head at the ICA
      in March. I have been asked to lecture on it: a title
      like The Head in 20c art has been suggested. Banham is
      going to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I
      shall do mine. It is a nice subject and I am glad to ap-
      pear at the ICA.
           Speaking of lectures: the Travel Agency who wrote to
      me (you remember the weird phrasing and a new para. for
      every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the
      season. It does not look as if I shall get more than
      a £1 a lecture but still - it would all be additional to
      my present earnings.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>1 ii 1953<br/><br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>     Forgive
      me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless dur-<br/>ing my stay with you. It
      was inexcusable - yet forgive me.<br/>I do love you - and so very dearly. I
      know I hurt you and<br/>I regret it bitterly: remember, however, please, my
      cold<br/>which affected me without my realising what it was. I<br/>still feel
      rather tired and jumpy and I am sure it was this<br/>sensation which made me
      behave as I did. You know how ir-<br/>rational one is when unwell, particularly
      if you have not<br/>realised that your mood is only a symptom, as a run-<br/>ning
      nose. Poor love, you are far from well yourself.<br/>I hope that you will rest
      and sleep and not worry, despite<br/>your lover''s conduct.<br/>     The Kensington
      Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next<br/>exhibitions and they are nicely
      designed. The next cards<br/>I have will be yours, my love, and I long for this.
      Do<br/>not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will be<br/>a great
      success. I have extended my list of people to<br/>write to, I started it in
      the train on Friday, as I said I<br/>would.<br/>     Friday night when I reached
      the ICA I found del Renzio<br/>had been trying to contact me. Duthuit and the
      three pain-<br/>ers had not turned up and so he was desperately improvising<br/>a
      discussion. He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody<br/>called Michael
      Compton, and I took the platform. This was<br/>very sudden and I was reluctant
      to do so as I felt rotten<br/>and had not seen the pictures. However, I could
      not say<br/>''no'' as I was there. Toni and Banham were favourable so<br/>I
      decided not to be. After I spoke I got a weak round of<br/>applause: it was
      weak, but it was the only applause there<br/>was, so maybe it was worth something.
      Actually, the paint-<br/>ings are not as interesting as I had hoped.<br/>     You
      may remember that there is to be an exhibition<br/>called The Beauty and Terror
      of the Human Head at the ICA<br/>in March. I have been asked to lecture on it:
      a title<br/>like The Head in 20c art has been suggested. Banham is<br/>going
      to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I<br/>shall do mine. It is a
      nice subject and I am glad to ap-<br/>pear at the ICA.<br/>     Speaking of
      lectures: the Travel Agency who wrote to<br/>me (you remember the weird phrasing
      and a new para. for<br/>every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during
      the<br/>season. It does not look as if I shall get more than<br/>a lb1 a lecture
      but still - it would all be additional to<br/>my present earnings.'
    charcount: 2387
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8dc18152-2e25-43b9-aba7-42224c5467ed.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.986112
    median_ratio: 0.9901262
    max_ratio: 0.9934174
    min_ratio: 0.9694823
    total_ratio: 4.9305601
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0356685
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0321522
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0705128
    min_dissimilarity: 0.00998
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.5
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72507803
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249699
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5068323e+09
    started_on: 1.5068318e+09
    ended_on: 1.5068323e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_003.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063687e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069612e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506816e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 466.4710002
    minutes_annotating: 7.7745167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9460.73.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.134 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9460'
    os.minor: '73'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      1 ii 1953
      My dearest Sylvia,
      Forgive me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless dur-
      ing my stay with you.  It was inexcusable--yet forgive me.
      I do love you--and so very dearly.  I know I hurt you and
      I regret it bitterly:  remember, however, please, my cold
      which affected me without my realising what it was.  I
      still feel rather tired and jumpy and I am sure it was this
      sensation which made me behave as I did.  You know how ir-
      rational one is when unwell, particularly if you have not
      realised that your mood is only a symptom, as much as a run-
      ning nose.  Poor love, you are far from well yourself.
      I hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry, despite
      your lover's conduct.
      The Kensignton Art Gallery has set me cards to the next
      exhibitions and they are nicely designed.  The next cards
      I have will be yours, my love, and I long for this.  Do
      not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will be
      a great success.  I have extended my list of people to
      write to, I started it in the train on Friday, as I said I
      would.
      Friday night when I reached the ICA I found del Renzio
      ad been trying to contact me.  Duthuit and the three paint-
      ers had not turned up and so he was ddesperately improvising
      a discussion.  He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody
      called Michael Compton, and I took the platform.  This was
      very sudden and I was reluctant to do so as I felt rotten
      and had not seen the pictures.  However, I could not say
      'no' as I was there.  Toni and Banham were favourable so
      I decided not to be.  After I spoke I got a weak round of
      applause:  it was weak, but it was the only applause there
      was, so maybe it was worth something.  Actually, the paint-
      ings are not as interesting as I had hoped.
      You may remember that there is to be an exhibition
      called The Beauty and Terror of the Human Head at the ICA
      in March.  I have been asked to lecture on it:  a title
      like The jead in 20c art has been suggested.  Banham is
      going to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I
      shall do mine.  It is a nice subject and I am glad to ap-
      pear at the ICA.
      Speaking of lectures:  the Travel Agency who wrote to
      me (you remember the weird phrasing and  a new para. for
      every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the
      season.  It does not look as if I shall get more than
      a 1 a lecture but still--it would all be additional to
      my present earnings.
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>1 ii 1953<br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>Forgive
      me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless dur-<br/>ing my stay with you.  It
      was inexcusable--yet forgive me.<br/>I do love you--and so very dearly.  I know
      I hurt you and<br/>I regret it bitterly:  remember, however, please, my cold<br/>which
      affected me without my realising what it was.  I<br/>still feel rather tired
      and jumpy and I am sure it was this<br/>sensation which made me behave as I
      did.  You know how ir-<br/>rational one is when unwell, particularly if you
      have not<br/>realised that your mood is only a symptom, as much as a run-<br/>ning
      nose.  Poor love, you are far from well yourself.<br/>I hope that you will rest
      and sleep and not worry, despite<br/>your lover''s conduct.<br/>The Kensignton
      Art Gallery has set me cards to the next<br/>exhibitions and they are nicely
      designed.  The next cards<br/>I have will be yours, my love, and I long for
      this.  Do<br/>not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will be<br/>a
      great success.  I have extended my list of people to<br/>write to, I started
      it in the train on Friday, as I said I<br/>would.<br/>Friday night when I reached
      the ICA I found del Renzio<br/>ad been trying to contact me.  Duthuit and the
      three paint-<br/>ers had not turned up and so he was ddesperately improvising<br/>a
      discussion.  He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody<br/>called Michael
      Compton, and I took the platform.  This was<br/>very sudden and I was reluctant
      to do so as I felt rotten<br/>and had not seen the pictures.  However, I could
      not say<br/>''no'' as I was there.  Toni and Banham were favourable so<br/>I
      decided not to be.  After I spoke I got a weak round of<br/>applause:  it was
      weak, but it was the only applause there<br/>was, so maybe it was worth something.  Actually,
      the paint-<br/>ings are not as interesting as I had hoped.<br/>You may remember
      that there is to be an exhibition<br/>called The Beauty and Terror of the Human
      Head at the ICA<br/>in March.  I have been asked to lecture on it:  a title<br/>like
      The jead in 20c art has been suggested.  Banham is<br/>going to do one and,
      when I come back from Yorkshire, I<br/>shall do mine.  It is a nice subject
      and I am glad to ap-<br/>pear at the ICA.<br/>Speaking of lectures:  the Travel
      Agency who wrote to<br/>me (you remember the weird phrasing and  a new para.
      for<br/>every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the<br/>season.  It
      does not look as if I shall get more than<br/>a 1 a lecture but still--it would
      all be additional to<br/>my present earnings.'
    charcount: 2387
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8dc18152-2e25-43b9-aba7-42224c5467ed.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9845727
    median_ratio: 0.9884679
    max_ratio: 0.9895776
    min_ratio: 0.9683924
    total_ratio: 4.9228636
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0356685
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0321522
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0705128
    min_dissimilarity: 0.00998
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.5
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72646708
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249699
    user_name: glt
    created_at: 1.5069612e+09
    started_on: 1.5069605e+09
    ended_on: 1.5069612e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_003.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5063687e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5069612e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5069024e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 736.9230001
    minutes_annotating: 12.28205
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      1 ii 1953

      My dearest Sylvia,

      Forgive me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless during my stay with you.  It was inexcusable - yet forgive me.  I do love you - and so very dearly.  I know I hurt you and I regret it bitterly: remember, however, please, my cold which affected me without my realising what it was.  I still feel rather tired and jumpy and I am sure it was this sensation which made me behave as I did.  You know how irrational one is when unwell, particularly if you have not realised that your mood is only a symptom, as much as a running nose.  Poor love, you are far from well yourself.  I hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry, despite your lover's conduct.

      The Kensington Art Gallery has sent me cards to the next exhibitions and they are nicely designed.  The next cards I have will be yours, my love, and I long for this.  Do not feel apprehensive, my love, for I am sure you will be a great success.  I have extended my list of people to write to, I started it in the train on Friday, as I said I would.

      Friday night when I reached the ICA I found del Renzio had been trying to contact me.  Duthuit and the three painters had not turned up and so he was desperately improvising a discussion.  He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody called Michael Compton, and I took the platform.  This was very sudden and I was reluctant to do so as I felt rotten and had not see the pictures.  However, I could not say 'no' as I was there.  Toni and Banham were favourable so I decided not to be.  After I spoke I got a weak round of applause: it was weak, but it was the only applause there was, so maybe it was worth something.  Actually, the paintings are not as interesting as I hoped.

      You may remember that there is to be an exhibition called The Beauty and Terror of the Human Head at the ICA in March.  I have been asked to lecture on it: a title like The Head in 20c art has been suggested.  Banham is going to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire, I shall do mine.  It is a nice subject and I am glad to appear at the ICA.
      Speaking of lectures: the Travel Agency who wrot to me (you remember the weird phrasing and a new para. for every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the season.  It does not look as if I shall get more than a £1 a lecture but still - it would all be additional to my present earnings.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>1 ii 1953<br/><br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Forgive
      me for being so unpleasant and thoughtless during my stay with you.  It was
      inexcusable - yet forgive me.  I do love you - and so very dearly.  I know I
      hurt you and I regret it bitterly: remember, however, please, my cold which
      affected me without my realising what it was.  I still feel rather tired and
      jumpy and I am sure it was this sensation which made me behave as I did.  You
      know how irrational one is when unwell, particularly if you have not realised
      that your mood is only a symptom, as much as a running nose.  Poor love, you
      are far from well yourself.  I hope that you will rest and sleep and not worry,
      despite your lover''s conduct.<br/><br/>The Kensington Art Gallery has sent
      me cards to the next exhibitions and they are nicely designed.  The next cards
      I have will be yours, my love, and I long for this.  Do not feel apprehensive,
      my love, for I am sure you will be a great success.  I have extended my list
      of people to write to, I started it in the train on Friday, as I said I would.<br/><br/>Friday
      night when I reached the ICA I found del Renzio had been trying to contact me.  Duthuit
      and the three painters had not turned up and so he was desperately improvising
      a discussion.  He acted as chairman, Peter Banham, somebody called Michael Compton,
      and I took the platform.  This was very sudden and I was reluctant to do so
      as I felt rotten and had not see the pictures.  However, I could not say ''no''
      as I was there.  Toni and Banham were favourable so I decided not to be.  After
      I spoke I got a weak round of applause: it was weak, but it was the only applause
      there was, so maybe it was worth something.  Actually, the paintings are not
      as interesting as I hoped.<br/><br/>You may remember that there is to be an
      exhibition called The Beauty and Terror of the Human Head at the ICA in March.  I
      have been asked to lecture on it: a title like The Head in 20c art has been
      suggested.  Banham is going to do one and, when I come back from Yorkshire,
      I shall do mine.  It is a nice subject and I am glad to appear at the ICA.<br/>Speaking
      of lectures: the Travel Agency who wrot to me (you remember the weird phrasing
      and a new para. for every sentence) may mean a fair amount of work during the
      season.  It does not look as if I shall get more than a lb1 a lecture but still
      - it would all be additional to my present earnings.'
    charcount: 2377
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8dc18152-2e25-43b9-aba7-42224c5467ed.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9873133
    median_ratio: 0.9923204
    max_ratio: 0.9950685
    min_ratio: 0.9722071
    total_ratio: 4.9365666
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0356685
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0321522
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0705128
    min_dissimilarity: 0.00998
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.5
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_003.jpg

---
