---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f08_024
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65857095
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345079
    user_name: not-logged-in-ae2381e5e5b526589433
    created_at: 1.5019652e+09
    started_on: 1.5019628e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019652e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f08_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019652e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5026378e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2367.368
    minutes_annotating: 39.4561333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      11 ix 1950

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Brighton:  thoughts of you were strong in the geometric-
      al streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion.
      When I was on the front I visualised you in the same place
      in the past, a past from which I was absent.  Apart from
       erotic imaginings of you in the places I was in I also
      saw the architecture with your eyes, and your taste, or
      as imperfectly as I have acquired appreciation of Regen-
      cy design from your beautiful example.  Past and present
      were tangled in my reactions.  Apart from this compound
      of taste aroused by you and desire for you there were many
      strange contrasts.  Ilsa Rodmell turns out to be closely
      reliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery gener-
      ally (she is, nonetheless, a good painter) : we had a seance
      which was a complex failure in every experiment, except that
      Bernard was half-hypnotised and remembered a childhood
      nightmare.  She read the cards and told me about the two
      (and I quote) women in my life: 'yes, yes' , I said, 'how
      did you know'.  And the medium, who works on West Pier,
      in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out about
      me and found a dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog).
      We slept in Catt's garrett ( he is in Paris himself), the
      bed was uncomfortable and sordid but Catt's friend Victor,
      an ex-prisoner of war, now a farm worker, was charming and
      made us as comfortable as possible. I went to the art
      gallery as you recommended and admired, though hastily,
      the Willett collection of ceramics but spent most time in
      the picture gallery:  yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano
      oils, and saw the newly discovered Constable portrait, and
      admired once again the superb Florentine Rape of Helen which
      I feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgement of Paris,
      don't you think?

      Don't worry about my birthday:  it is not the 14th, it
      is the 17th.  But since it is so dynamic in your memory I
      wish you would not worry about it.  I enclose my new poem
      and have nearly finished another.  I love you dearly,
      Lawrence

      I love you, so much, my Muse, I adore you[unclear]amore[/unclear]
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>11 ix 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Brighton:  thoughts
      of you were strong in the geometric-<br/>al streets and crescents and squares
      and in the pavilion.<br/>When I was on the front I visualised you in the same
      place<br/>in the past, a past from which I was absent.  Apart from<br/> erotic
      imaginings of you in the places I was in I also<br/>saw the architecture with
      your eyes, and your taste, or<br/>as imperfectly as I have acquired appreciation
      of Regen-<br/>cy design from your beautiful example.  Past and present<br/>were
      tangled in my reactions.  Apart from this compound<br/>of taste aroused by you
      and desire for you there were many<br/>strange contrasts.  Ilsa Rodmell turns
      out to be closely<br/>reliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery gener-<br/>ally
      (she is, nonetheless, a good painter) : we had a seance<br/>which was a complex
      failure in every experiment, except that<br/>Bernard was half-hypnotised and
      remembered a childhood<br/>nightmare.  She read the cards and told me about
      the two<br/>(and I quote) women in my life: ''yes, yes'' , I said, ''how<br/>did
      you know''.  And the medium, who works on West Pier,<br/>in the day-time projected
      (sic) himself to finding out about<br/>me and found a dog (very strongly, he
      said, he got a dog).<br/>We slept in Catt''s garrett ( he is in Paris himself),
      the<br/>bed was uncomfortable and sordid but Catt''s friend Victor,<br/>an ex-prisoner
      of war, now a farm worker, was charming and<br/>made us as comfortable as possible.
      I went to the art<br/>gallery as you recommended and admired, though hastily,<br/>the
      Willett collection of ceramics but spent most time in<br/>the picture gallery:  yes,
      I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano<br/>oils, and saw the newly discovered Constable
      portrait, and<br/>admired once again the superb Florentine Rape of Helen which<br/>I
      feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgement of Paris,<br/>don''t you think?<br/><br/>Don''t
      worry about my birthday:  it is not the 14th, it<br/>is the 17th.  But since
      it is so dynamic in your memory I<br/>wish you would not worry about it.  I
      enclose my new poem<br/>and have nearly finished another.  I love you dearly,<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>I
      love you, so much, my Muse, I adore youamore'
    charcount: 2077
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/87d653af-9bd9-4be6-9289-ebb075deabf1.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9890096
    median_ratio: 0.9900062
    max_ratio: 0.9953887
    min_ratio: 0.983881
    total_ratio: 4.945048
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0478997
    median_dissimilarity: 0.045
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0863309
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0152174
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65949974
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345079
    user_name: pleiades33
    created_at: 1.5020565e+09
    started_on: 1.5020558e+09
    ended_on: 1.5020565e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_1) AppleWebKit/602.2.14
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.0.1 Safari/602.2.14
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f08_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019652e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5026378e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5019776e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 664.4289999
    minutes_annotating: 11.0738167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_1) AppleWebKit/602.2.14
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.0.1 Safari/602.2.14
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '1'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "I love you, so much, my Muse, I adore you, Lawrence\n\nBlackheath\n11
      ix 1950\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nBrighton: thoughts of you were strong in the geometrical
      streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion. When I was on the front
      I visualized you in the same place in the past, a past from which I was absent.
      Apart from erotic imaginings of you in the places I was in I also saw the architecture
      with your eyes, and your taste, or as imperfectly as I have acquired appreciation
      of Regency design from your beautiful example. Past and present were tangled
      in my reactions. Apart from this compound of taste aroused by you and desire
      for you there were many strange contrasts. Ilsa Rodmell turns out to be closely
      reliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery generally (she is, nonetheless,
      a good painter): we had a seance which was a complex failure in every experiment,
      except that Bernard was half-hypnotized and remembered a childhood nightmare.
      She read the cards and told me about the two (and I quote) women in my life:
      'yes, yes', I said, 'how did you know'. And the medium, who works on West Pier,
      in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out about me and found a
      dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog). We slept in Catt's garrett (he is
      in Paris himself), the bed was uncomfortable and sordid but Catt's friend Victor,
      an ex-prisoner of war, now a farm worker, was charming and made us as comfortable
      as possible. I went to the art gallery as you recommended and admired, though
      hastily, the Willett collection of ceramics but spent most time in the picture
      gallery: yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano oils, and saw the newly discovered
      Constable portrait, and admired once again the superb Florentine Rape of Helen
      which I feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgement of Paris, don't you
      think?\n\nDon't worry about my birthday: it is not the 14th, it is the 17th.
      But since it is so dynamic in your memory I wish you would not worry about it.
      I enclose my new poem and have nearly finished another. I love you dearly, \nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'I love you, so much, my Muse, I adore you, Lawrence<br/><br/>Blackheath<br/>11
      ix 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Brighton: thoughts of you were strong
      in the geometrical streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion. When
      I was on the front I visualized you in the same place in the past, a past from
      which I was absent. Apart from erotic imaginings of you in the places I was
      in I also saw the architecture with your eyes, and your taste, or as imperfectly
      as I have acquired appreciation of Regency design from your beautiful example.
      Past and present were tangled in my reactions. Apart from this compound of taste
      aroused by you and desire for you there were many strange contrasts. Ilsa Rodmell
      turns out to be closely reliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery generally
      (she is, nonetheless, a good painter): we had a seance which was a complex failure
      in every experiment, except that Bernard was half-hypnotized and remembered
      a childhood nightmare. She read the cards and told me about the two (and I quote)
      women in my life: ''yes, yes'', I said, ''how did you know''. And the medium,
      who works on West Pier, in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out
      about me and found a dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog). We slept in
      Catt''s garrett (he is in Paris himself), the bed was uncomfortable and sordid
      but Catt''s friend Victor, an ex-prisoner of war, now a farm worker, was charming
      and made us as comfortable as possible. I went to the art gallery as you recommended
      and admired, though hastily, the Willett collection of ceramics but spent most
      time in the picture gallery: yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano oils, and saw
      the newly discovered Constable portrait, and admired once again the superb Florentine
      Rape of Helen which I feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgement of Paris,
      don''t you think?<br/><br/>Don''t worry about my birthday: it is not the 14th,
      it is the 17th. But since it is so dynamic in your memory I wish you would not
      worry about it. I enclose my new poem and have nearly finished another. I love
      you dearly, <br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2061
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/87d653af-9bd9-4be6-9289-ebb075deabf1.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9899852
    median_ratio: 0.9912935
    max_ratio: 0.9940711
    min_ratio: 0.982641
    total_ratio: 4.9499262
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0478997
    median_dissimilarity: 0.045
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0863309
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0152174
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66072741
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345079
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5021704e+09
    started_on: 1.5021693e+09
    ended_on: 1.5021704e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f08_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019652e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5026378e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5021504e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1051.6539998
    minutes_annotating: 17.5275667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "I love you, so much, my Muse, I adore you Lawrence\nBlackheath
      11 ix 1950\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nBrighton: thoughts of your were strong in the
      geometric-\nal streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion.\nWhen
      I was on the front I visualised you in the same place\nin the past, a past from
      which I was adsent.  Apart from\nerotic imaginings of you in the places I was
      in I also\nsaw the architecture with your eyes, and your taste, or\nas imperfectly
      as I have acquired appreciation of Regen-\ncy design from your beautiful example.
      \ Past and present\nwere tangled in my reactions.  Apart from this compound\nof
      taste aroused by you and desire for you there were many\nstrange contrasts.
      \ Ilsa Rodmell turns out to be closely\nreliant on the cards, fortune tellers,
      and sorcery gener-\nally (she is, nonetheless, a good painter): we had a seance\nwhich
      was a complex failure in every experiment, exept that Bernard was half-hypnotised
      and remembered a childhood\nnightmare.  She read the cards and told me about
      the two \n(and I quote) women in my life: 'yes yes', I said, 'how\ndid you know'.
      \ And the medium, who works on the West Pier,\nin the day-time projected (sic)
      himself to finding out about\nme and found a dog (very strongly, he said, he
      got a dog).\nWe slept in Catt's garrett (he is in Paris himself), the\nbed was
      uncomfortable and sordid but Catt's friend Victor,\nan ex-prisoner of war, now
      a farm worker, was charming and\nmade us as comfortable as possible.  I went
      to the art\ngallery as you recommended and admired, though hastily,\nthe Willett
      collection of ceramics but spent most time in\nthe picture gallery: yes, I remarked
      the 2 Luca Giordano\noils, and saw the newly discovered Constable portrait,
      and\nadmired once again the superb Florentine Rape of Helen, which\nI feel convinced
      is by The master of the Judgment of Paris,\ndon't you think?\n\nDon't worry
      about my birthday: it is not the 14th, it\nis the 17th.  But since it is so
      dymatic in your memory I\nwish you would not worry about it.  I enclose my new
      poem\nand have nearly finished another.  I love you dearly,\nLawrence\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'I love you, so much, my Muse, I adore you Lawrence<br/>Blackheath
      11 ix 1950<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Brighton: thoughts of your were strong
      in the geometric-<br/>al streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion.<br/>When
      I was on the front I visualised you in the same place<br/>in the past, a past
      from which I was adsent.  Apart from<br/>erotic imaginings of you in the places
      I was in I also<br/>saw the architecture with your eyes, and your taste, or<br/>as
      imperfectly as I have acquired appreciation of Regen-<br/>cy design from your
      beautiful example.  Past and present<br/>were tangled in my reactions.  Apart
      from this compound<br/>of taste aroused by you and desire for you there were
      many<br/>strange contrasts.  Ilsa Rodmell turns out to be closely<br/>reliant
      on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery gener-<br/>ally (she is, nonetheless,
      a good painter): we had a seance<br/>which was a complex failure in every experiment,
      exept that Bernard was half-hypnotised and remembered a childhood<br/>nightmare.  She
      read the cards and told me about the two <br/>(and I quote) women in my life:
      ''yes yes'', I said, ''how<br/>did you know''.  And the medium, who works on
      the West Pier,<br/>in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out about<br/>me
      and found a dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog).<br/>We slept in Catt''s
      garrett (he is in Paris himself), the<br/>bed was uncomfortable and sordid but
      Catt''s friend Victor,<br/>an ex-prisoner of war, now a farm worker, was charming
      and<br/>made us as comfortable as possible.  I went to the art<br/>gallery as
      you recommended and admired, though hastily,<br/>the Willett collection of ceramics
      but spent most time in<br/>the picture gallery: yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano<br/>oils,
      and saw the newly discovered Constable portrait, and<br/>admired once again
      the superb Florentine Rape of Helen, which<br/>I feel convinced is by The master
      of the Judgment of Paris,<br/>don''t you think?<br/><br/>Don''t worry about
      my birthday: it is not the 14th, it<br/>is the 17th.  But since it is so dymatic
      in your memory I<br/>wish you would not worry about it.  I enclose my new poem<br/>and
      have nearly finished another.  I love you dearly,<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2079
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/87d653af-9bd9-4be6-9289-ebb075deabf1.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.981539
    median_ratio: 0.981378
    max_ratio: 0.9848485
    min_ratio: 0.9788689
    total_ratio: 4.9076949
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0478997
    median_dissimilarity: 0.045
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0863309
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0152174
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66087371
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345079
    user_name: srasg56
    created_at: 1.5021927e+09
    started_on: 1.5021918e+09
    ended_on: 1.5021927e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f08_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019652e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5026378e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5021504e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 921.6200001
    minutes_annotating: 15.3603333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "I love you, so much, my  Muse, I adore you\nLawrence\n\nBlackheath\n11
      ix 1950\nDearest Sylvia,\nBrighton: thoughts of you were strong in the geometric-\nal
      streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion.\nWhen I was on the front
      I visualised you in the same place\nin the past, a past from which I was absent.
      \ Apart from\nerotic imaginings of you in the places I was in I also\nsaw the
      architecture with your eyes, and your taste, or\nas imperfectly as I have acquired
      appreciation of Regen-\ncy design from your beautiful example.  Past and present\nwere
      tangled in my reactions.  Apart from this compound\nof taste aroused by you
      and desire for you there were many \nstrange contrasts.  Ilsa Rodmell turns
      out to be closely\nreliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery gener-\nally
      (she is, nonetheless, a good painter): we had a seance\nwhich was a complex
      failure in every experiment, except that\nBernard was half-hypnotised and remembered
      a childhood\nnightmare.  She read the cards and told me about the two\n(and
      I quote) women in my life: 'yes, yes', I said, 'how\ndid you know'.  And the
      medium, who works on West Pier,\nin the day-time projected (sic) himself to
      finding out about \nme and found a dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog).\nWe
      slept in Catt's garrett (he is in Paris himself), the\nbed was as comfortable
      as possible.  I went to the art\ngallery as you recommended and admired, though
      hastily,\nthe Willett collection of ceramics but spent most time in\nthe picture
      gallery: yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano \noils, and saw the newly discovered
      Constable portrait, and\nadmired once again the superb Florentine Rape of Helen
      which\nI feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgement of Paris,\ndon't you
      think?\nDon't worry about my birthday: it is not the 14th, it\nis the 17th.
      \ But since it is so dynamic in your memory I\nwish you would not worry about
      it.  I enclose my new poem\nand have nearly finished another.  I love you dearly,\nLawrence.\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'I love you, so much, my  Muse, I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>Blackheath<br/>11
      ix 1950<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Brighton: thoughts of you were strong in the
      geometric-<br/>al streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion.<br/>When
      I was on the front I visualised you in the same place<br/>in the past, a past
      from which I was absent.  Apart from<br/>erotic imaginings of you in the places
      I was in I also<br/>saw the architecture with your eyes, and your taste, or<br/>as
      imperfectly as I have acquired appreciation of Regen-<br/>cy design from your
      beautiful example.  Past and present<br/>were tangled in my reactions.  Apart
      from this compound<br/>of taste aroused by you and desire for you there were
      many <br/>strange contrasts.  Ilsa Rodmell turns out to be closely<br/>reliant
      on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery gener-<br/>ally (she is, nonetheless,
      a good painter): we had a seance<br/>which was a complex failure in every experiment,
      except that<br/>Bernard was half-hypnotised and remembered a childhood<br/>nightmare.  She
      read the cards and told me about the two<br/>(and I quote) women in my life:
      ''yes, yes'', I said, ''how<br/>did you know''.  And the medium, who works on
      West Pier,<br/>in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out about
      <br/>me and found a dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog).<br/>We slept
      in Catt''s garrett (he is in Paris himself), the<br/>bed was as comfortable
      as possible.  I went to the art<br/>gallery as you recommended and admired,
      though hastily,<br/>the Willett collection of ceramics but spent most time in<br/>the
      picture gallery: yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano <br/>oils, and saw the
      newly discovered Constable portrait, and<br/>admired once again the superb Florentine
      Rape of Helen which<br/>I feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgement of
      Paris,<br/>don''t you think?<br/>Don''t worry about my birthday: it is not the
      14th, it<br/>is the 17th.  But since it is so dynamic in your memory I<br/>wish
      you would not worry about it.  I enclose my new poem<br/>and have nearly finished
      another.  I love you dearly,<br/>Lawrence.<br/>'
    charcount: 1960
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/87d653af-9bd9-4be6-9289-ebb075deabf1.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9446706
    median_ratio: 0.9472377
    max_ratio: 0.9483831
    min_ratio: 0.9398636
    total_ratio: 4.7233528
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0478997
    median_dissimilarity: 0.045
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0863309
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0152174
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66416078
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345079
    user_name: not-logged-in-939538ab60c3411bfee1
    created_at: 1.5024224e+09
    started_on: 1.5024216e+09
    ended_on: 1.5024224e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f08_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019652e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5026378e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5024096e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 739.227
    minutes_annotating: 12.32045
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "I love you, so much, my Muse, I adore you\nLawrence\nBlackheath\n11
      ix 1950\nDearest Sylvia,\nBrighton: thoughts of you were strong in the geometric-\nal
      streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion. When I was on the front
      I visualised you in the same place in the past, a past from which I was absent.
      Apart from erotic imaginings of you in the places I was in I also saw the architecture
      with your eyes, and your taste, or as imperfectly as I have acquired appreciated
      of Regen-\ncy design from your beautiful example. Past and present were tangled
      in my reactions. Apart from this compound of taste aroused by you and desire
      you there were many strange contrasts. Ilsa Rodmell turns out to be closely
      reliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery gener-\nally (she is, nonetheless,
      a good painter): we had a seance which was a complex failure in every experiment,
      except that Bernard was half-hypnotised and remembered a childhood nightmare.
      She read the cards and told me about the two (and I quote) women in my life:
      'yes, yes', I said, 'how did you know'. And the medium, who works on West Pier,
      in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out about me and found a
      dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog). We slept in Catt's garrett (he is
      in Paris himself), the bed was uncomfortable and sordid but Catt's friend Victor,
      and ex-prisoner of war, now a farm worker, was charming and made us as comfortable
      as possible. I went to the art gallery as you recommended and admired, though
      hastily, the Willett collection of ceramics but spent most time in the picture:
      yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano oils, and saw the newly discovered Constable
      portrait, and admired once again the superb Florentine Rape of Helen which I
      feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgement of Paris, don't you think?\n\nDon't
      worry about my birthday: it is not the 14th, it is the 17th. But since it is
      so dynamic in your memory I wish you would not worry about it. I enclose my
      new poem and have nearly finished another. I love you dearly, \nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'I love you, so much, my Muse, I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/>Blackheath<br/>11
      ix 1950<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Brighton: thoughts of you were strong in the
      geometric-<br/>al streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion. When
      I was on the front I visualised you in the same place in the past, a past from
      which I was absent. Apart from erotic imaginings of you in the places I was
      in I also saw the architecture with your eyes, and your taste, or as imperfectly
      as I have acquired appreciated of Regen-<br/>cy design from your beautiful example.
      Past and present were tangled in my reactions. Apart from this compound of taste
      aroused by you and desire you there were many strange contrasts. Ilsa Rodmell
      turns out to be closely reliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery gener-<br/>ally
      (she is, nonetheless, a good painter): we had a seance which was a complex failure
      in every experiment, except that Bernard was half-hypnotised and remembered
      a childhood nightmare. She read the cards and told me about the two (and I quote)
      women in my life: ''yes, yes'', I said, ''how did you know''. And the medium,
      who works on West Pier, in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out
      about me and found a dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog). We slept in
      Catt''s garrett (he is in Paris himself), the bed was uncomfortable and sordid
      but Catt''s friend Victor, and ex-prisoner of war, now a farm worker, was charming
      and made us as comfortable as possible. I went to the art gallery as you recommended
      and admired, though hastily, the Willett collection of ceramics but spent most
      time in the picture: yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano oils, and saw the newly
      discovered Constable portrait, and admired once again the superb Florentine
      Rape of Helen which I feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgement of Paris,
      don''t you think?<br/><br/>Don''t worry about my birthday: it is not the 14th,
      it is the 17th. But since it is so dynamic in your memory I wish you would not
      worry about it. I enclose my new poem and have nearly finished another. I love
      you dearly, <br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2051
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/87d653af-9bd9-4be6-9289-ebb075deabf1.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9823682
    median_ratio: 0.983861
    max_ratio: 0.9894598
    min_ratio: 0.9764414
    total_ratio: 4.9118412
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0478997
    median_dissimilarity: 0.045
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0863309
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0152174
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66679785
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345079
    user_name: Kelvets
    created_at: 1.5026378e+09
    started_on: 1.5026372e+09
    ended_on: 1.5026378e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:53.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/53.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f08_024.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019652e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5026378e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5025824e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 551.0610001
    minutes_annotating: 9.18435
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:53.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/53.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '53'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "I love you so much, my muse, I adore you\nLawrence\n\nBlackheath\n11
      ix 1950\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nBrighton: thoughts of you were strong in the geometric-\nal
      streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion. When I was on the front
      I visualized you in the same place in the past, a past from which I was absent.
      Apart from erotic imaginings of you in the places I was in I also saw the architecture
      with your eyes, and your taste, or as imperfectly as I have acquired appreciation
      of Regency design from your beautiful example. Past and present were tangled
      in my reactions. Apart from this compound of taste aroused by you and desire
      for you there were many strange contrasts. Ilsa Rodmell turns out to be closely
      reliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery generally (she is, nonetheless,
      a good painter): we had a seance which was a complex failure in every experiment,
      except that Bernard was half-hypnotized and remembered a childhood nightmare.
      She read the cards and told me about the two (and I quote) women in my life:
      'yes, yes' I said, 'how did you know'. And the medium, who works on West Pier,
      in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out about me and found a
      dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog). We slept in Cat's garrett (he is
      in Paris himself), the bed was uncomfortable and sordid but Catt's friend Victor,
      an ex-prisoner of war, now a farm worker, was charming and made us as comfortable
      as possible. I went to the art gallery as you recommended and admired, though
      hastily, the Willett collection of ceramics but spent most time in the picture
      gallery: yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano oils, and saw the newly discovered
      Constable portrait, and admired once again the superb Florentine [unclear]Pale[/unclear]
      of Helen which I feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgment of Paris, don't
      you think?\n\nDon't worry about my birthday: it is not the 14th, it is the 17th.
      But since it is so dynamic in your memory I wish you would not worry about it.
      I enclose my new poem and have nearly finished another. I love you dearly, \n\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'I love you so much, my muse, I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>Blackheath<br/>11
      ix 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Brighton: thoughts of you were strong
      in the geometric-<br/>al streets and crescents and squares and in the pavilion.
      When I was on the front I visualized you in the same place in the past, a past
      from which I was absent. Apart from erotic imaginings of you in the places I
      was in I also saw the architecture with your eyes, and your taste, or as imperfectly
      as I have acquired appreciation of Regency design from your beautiful example.
      Past and present were tangled in my reactions. Apart from this compound of taste
      aroused by you and desire for you there were many strange contrasts. Ilsa Rodmell
      turns out to be closely reliant on the cards, fortune tellers, and sorcery generally
      (she is, nonetheless, a good painter): we had a seance which was a complex failure
      in every experiment, except that Bernard was half-hypnotized and remembered
      a childhood nightmare. She read the cards and told me about the two (and I quote)
      women in my life: ''yes, yes'' I said, ''how did you know''. And the medium,
      who works on West Pier, in the day-time projected (sic) himself to finding out
      about me and found a dog (very strongly, he said, he got a dog). We slept in
      Cat''s garrett (he is in Paris himself), the bed was uncomfortable and sordid
      but Catt''s friend Victor, an ex-prisoner of war, now a farm worker, was charming
      and made us as comfortable as possible. I went to the art gallery as you recommended
      and admired, though hastily, the Willett collection of ceramics but spent most
      time in the picture gallery: yes, I remarked the 2 Luca Giordano oils, and saw
      the newly discovered Constable portrait, and admired once again the superb Florentine
      Pale of Helen which I feel convinced is by The Master of the Judgment of Paris,
      don''t you think?<br/><br/>Don''t worry about my birthday: it is not the 14th,
      it is the 17th. But since it is so dynamic in your memory I wish you would not
      worry about it. I enclose my new poem and have nearly finished another. I love
      you dearly, <br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2059
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/87d653af-9bd9-4be6-9289-ebb075deabf1.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9859286
    median_ratio: 0.9850746
    max_ratio: 0.9937927
    min_ratio: 0.9807812
    total_ratio: 4.9296429
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0478997
    median_dissimilarity: 0.045
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0863309
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0152174
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b03_f08_024.jpg

---
