---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f12_002
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 68680680
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11908336
    user_name: JanetCormack
    created_at: 1.5040991e+09
    started_on: 1.5040983e+09
    ended_on: 1.5040991e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f12_002.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040991e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5061113e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5040512e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 804.789
    minutes_annotating: 13.41315
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2 XII 1952\nDearest Sylvia\nWhat good news about Clifford's
      glass. I am so glad he has completed the set again. His other purchases sound
      very impressive too.\nYour new painting looks terribly nice in the sketch, as
      I'm sure it is. It is not long, really, until I shall see it - in fact, as I
      do see it now in imagination. The arrangement of the articles reminds me of
      Ensor a little bit.\nYes I have seen Magda & John - the other evening. They
      were not together with me all the time. Both asked independantly after you -
      were delighted you were well - & both asked about exhibition. Their flat and
      studio next to each other are behind Hanover Terrace in Regent's Park. Charming.
      She is with Frank again - at least so far as he knows.\nAlthough my name is
      not in Art News so much I am fairly busy in fact with school lectures - I had
      one this morning - and tomorrow I am taking the public lecture at the N.G. on
      Claude.\nThe next ICA exhibition is of Max Ernst - I am reviewing it for Art
      News. I am glad for - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very much and they shall include
      some of his recent work.\nSoon I should send you some poetry. I have written
      quite a lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I were
      free of lectures I might write something interesting - except I should be hungry.
      \nNo news except the man of 25 who called - according to Mrs Harrison - was
      Bill[unclear] Brandt [/unclear]- not Paul Southey. I got news for Mrs Harrison!\nI
      love you my darling I love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 2 XII 1952<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>What good news about Clifford's
      glass. I am so glad he has completed the set again. His other purchases sound
      very impressive too.<br/>Your new painting looks terribly nice in the sketch,
      as I'm sure it is. It is not long, really, until I shall see it - in fact, as
      I do see it now in imagination. The arrangement of the articles reminds me of
      Ensor a little bit.<br/>Yes I have seen Magda & John - the other evening. They
      were not together with me all the time. Both asked independantly after you -
      were delighted you were well - & both asked about exhibition. Their flat and
      studio next to each other are behind Hanover Terrace in Regent's Park. Charming.
      She is with Frank again - at least so far as he knows.<br/>Although my name
      is not in Art News so much I am fairly busy in fact with school lectures - I
      had one this morning - and tomorrow I am taking the public lecture at the N.G.
      on Claude.<br/>The next ICA exhibition is of Max Ernst - I am reviewing it for
      Art News. I am glad for - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very much and they shall
      include some of his recent work.<br/>Soon I should send you some poetry. I have
      written quite a lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only
      I were free of lectures I might write something interesting - except I should
      be hungry. <br/>No news except the man of 25 who called - according to Mrs Harrison
      - was Bill Brandt - not Paul Southey. I got news for Mrs Harrison!<br/>I love
      you my darling I love you<br/>Lawrence
    charcount: 1480
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/0d12c794-18bd-44bb-a65a-ec8bb1444a9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9479633
    median_ratio: 0.9562044
    max_ratio: 0.9659686
    min_ratio: 0.9206774
    total_ratio: 4.7398164
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.117089
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1187259
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1813953
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0382353
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69367374
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908336
    user_name: Sabine_Tuck
    created_at: 1.5047201e+09
    started_on: 1.5047195e+09
    ended_on: 1.5047201e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f12_002.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040991e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5061113e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.504656e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 540.9189999
    minutes_annotating: 9.0153167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      2 xii 1952

      Dearest Sylvia

      What good news about Clifford's glass. I am so glad he has completed the set again - what luck. His purchases sound very impressive too.

      Your new painting looks terribly nice in the sketch, as I'm sure it is. It is not long, really, until I shall see it - in fact, as I do see it now in imagination. The arrangement of the articles reminds me of Ensor a little bit.

      Yes I have seen Magda and John - the other evening. They were not together with me all the time. Both asked independently after you - were delighted you were well - and both asked about your exhibition. Their flat and studio next to each other one behind [unclear][/unclear] Terrace in Regent's Park. Charming. She is with Frank again - at least so far as he knows.

      Although my name is not in Art News so much I am fairly busy in fact with school lectures - I had one this morning - and tomorrow I am taking the public lecture at the National Gallery on Claude.

      The next ICA exhibition is of Max Ernst - I am reviewing it for Art News. I am glad for - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very much and their show will include some of his recent work.

      Soon I should send you some poetry. I have written quite a lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I were free of lectures I might write something interesting - except I should be hungry.

      No news except the young man of 25 who called - according to Mrs Harrison - was Bill Bratt - not Paul [unclear]Gantley[/unclear]. I got news for Mrs Harrison!

      I love you my darling

      love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 2 xii 1952<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/><br/>What good news
      about Clifford's glass. I am so glad he has completed the set again - what luck.
      His purchases sound very impressive too.<br/><br/>Your new painting looks terribly
      nice in the sketch, as I'm sure it is. It is not long, really, until I shall
      see it - in fact, as I do see it now in imagination. The arrangement of the
      articles reminds me of Ensor a little bit.<br/><br/>Yes I have seen Magda and
      John - the other evening. They were not together with me all the time. Both
      asked independently after you - were delighted you were well - and both asked
      about your exhibition. Their flat and studio next to each other one behind  Terrace
      in Regent's Park. Charming. She is with Frank again - at least so far as he
      knows.<br/><br/>Although my name is not in Art News so much I am fairly busy
      in fact with school lectures - I had one this morning - and tomorrow I am taking
      the public lecture at the National Gallery on Claude.<br/><br/>The next ICA
      exhibition is of Max Ernst - I am reviewing it for Art News. I am glad for -
      as you know - I enjoy Ernst very much and their show will include some of his
      recent work.<br/><br/>Soon I should send you some poetry. I have written quite
      a lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I were free
      of lectures I might write something interesting - except I should be hungry.<br/><br/>No
      news except the young man of 25 who called - according to Mrs Harrison - was
      Bill Bratt - not Paul Gantley. I got news for Mrs Harrison!<br/><br/>I love
      you my darling<br/><br/>love you<br/>Lawrence
    charcount: 1517
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/0d12c794-18bd-44bb-a65a-ec8bb1444a9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9491836
    median_ratio: 0.9485166
    max_ratio: 0.959854
    min_ratio: 0.9349376
    total_ratio: 4.7459182
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.117089
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1187259
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1813953
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0382353
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 69826324
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908336
    user_name: Judyteen
    created_at: 1.5050764e+09
    started_on: 1.5050711e+09
    ended_on: 1.5050764e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 6.0.1; LG-K500n Build/MMB29M) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.116 Mobile Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f12_002.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040991e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5061113e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5050016e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 5355.5219998
    minutes_annotating: 89.2587
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 6.0.1; LG-K500n Build/MMB29M) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.116 Mobile Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome Mobile
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Android
    os.major: '6'
    os.minor: '0'
    device.family: LG-K500n
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: LG
    device.model: K500n
    annotation_text: "2.12.1952\n\nDearest Sylvia\n\nWhat good news about Clifford's
      glass. I am so glad he has completed the set again. What luck. His other purchases
      sound very impressive too.\n       Your new painting looks terribly nice in
      the sketch, as I'm sure it is. It is not long really, until I shall see it-
      in fact, as I do see it now in imagination. The arrangement of the articles
      reminds me of Ernst a little bit.\n       Yes, I have seen Magda&John- the other
      evening. They were [unclear]v..[/unclear] together into me all the time. Both
      asked independently after you- were delighted you were well & both asked about
      your exhibition. Their flat and studio next to each other, one behind Marones
      Terrace in Regent's Park. Charming. She is with Frank again- at least so far
      as he knows.\n       Alhough my name is not in Art-News I am [unclear]...[/unclear]
      very in fact into school lectures. I had one this morning and tomorrow I'm taking
      the [unclear]f...[/unclear] lecture at the N.G. on Claude.\n       The next
      I.C.A. exhibition is of Max Ernst. I am reviewing it for Art-News. I am glad
      for- as you know- I enjoy Ernst very much and this show will include some of
      his recent work. \n     Soon I should send you some poetry- I have written quite
      a lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I were free
      of lectures. I might write something interesting- except I should be hungry.\n
      \      No news except the young man of 25 who called- according to Mrs. Harrison-
      was Bill Brandt- not Paul [unclear]...[/unclear]. I got news for Mrs. Harrison!\n
      \      I love you my darling love you Lawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 4
    clean_transcription: 2.12.1952<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/><br/>What good news
      about Clifford's glass. I am so glad he has completed the set again. What luck.
      His other purchases sound very impressive too.<br/>       Your new painting
      looks terribly nice in the sketch, as I'm sure it is. It is not long really,
      until I shall see it- in fact, as I do see it now in imagination. The arrangement
      of the articles reminds me of Ernst a little bit.<br/>       Yes, I have seen
      Magda&John- the other evening. They were v.. together into me all the time.
      Both asked independently after you- were delighted you were well & both asked
      about your exhibition. Their flat and studio next to each other, one behind
      Marones Terrace in Regent's Park. Charming. She is with Frank again- at least
      so far as he knows.<br/>       Alhough my name is not in Art-News I am ... very
      in fact into school lectures. I had one this morning and tomorrow I'm taking
      the f... lecture at the N.G. on Claude.<br/>       The next I.C.A. exhibition
      is of Max Ernst. I am reviewing it for Art-News. I am glad for- as you know-
      I enjoy Ernst very much and this show will include some of his recent work.
      <br/>     Soon I should send you some poetry- I have written quite a lot of
      it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I were free of lectures.
      I might write something interesting- except I should be hungry.<br/>       No
      news except the young man of 25 who called- according to Mrs. Harrison- was
      Bill Brandt- not Paul .... I got news for Mrs. Harrison!<br/>       I love you
      my darling love you Lawrence
    charcount: 1522
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/0d12c794-18bd-44bb-a65a-ec8bb1444a9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9113863
    median_ratio: 0.9092496
    max_ratio: 0.9233577
    min_ratio: 0.9032815
    total_ratio: 4.5569315
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.117089
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1187259
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1813953
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0382353
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71405728
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908336
    user_name: Ajeynes
    created_at: 1.5060131e+09
    started_on: 1.5060117e+09
    ended_on: 1.5060131e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (iPad; CPU OS 10_3_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.0 Mobile/14G60 Safari/602.1
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f12_002.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040991e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5061113e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.505952e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1351.8890002
    minutes_annotating: 22.5314833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (iPad; CPU OS 10_3_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/603.3.8
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.0 Mobile/14G60 Safari/602.1
    ua.family: Mobile Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: iOS
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '3'
    device.family: iPad
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: '3'
    device.brand: Apple
    device.model: iPad
    annotation_text: |-
      2 XII 1952
      Dearest Sylvia
      What good news about Clifford's glass. I am so glad he has completed
      the set again. What luck. His other purchases sound very impressive too.
      Your new painting looks terribly nice in the sketch, as I'm sure it is.
      It is not long, really, until I shall see it - in fact, as I do see it now
      in imagination. The arrangement of the articles reminds me of [unclear]Evra[/unclear]
      a little bit.
      Yes I have seen Magda & John - the other evening. They were not
      together with me all the time. Both asked independantly after you -
      were delighted you were well - & both asked about your exhibition
      Their/flat and studio next to each other are behind Hanover Terrace
      in Regent's Park. Charming. She is with Frank again - at least so
      far as he knows.
      Although my name is not in Art News so much I am fairly busy
      in fact with school lectures - I had one this morning - and tomorrow
      I am taking the public lecture at the N.G. on Claude.
      The next ICA exhibition is of Max Ernst. I am reviewing it
      for Art News. I am glad for - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very
      much and this show will include some of his recent work.
      Soon I should send you some poetry. I have written quite a
      lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I
      were free of lectures I might write something interesting - except
      I should be hungry.
      No news except the young man of 25 who called - according to Mrs. Harrison - was Bill [unclear]Bratt[/unclear] - not Paul [unclear]Southey[/unclear]. I got
      news for Mrs. Harrison!
      I love you my darling -
      love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 3
    clean_transcription: 2 XII 1952<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>What good news about Clifford's
      glass. I am so glad he has completed<br/>the set again. What luck. His other
      purchases sound very impressive too.<br/>Your new painting looks terribly nice
      in the sketch, as I'm sure it is.<br/>It is not long, really, until I shall
      see it - in fact, as I do see it now<br/>in imagination. The arrangement of
      the articles reminds me of Evra<br/>a little bit.<br/>Yes I have seen Magda
      & John - the other evening. They were not<br/>together with me all the time.
      Both asked independantly after you -<br/>were delighted you were well - & both
      asked about your exhibition<br/>Their/flat and studio next to each other are
      behind Hanover Terrace<br/>in Regent's Park. Charming. She is with Frank again
      - at least so<br/>far as he knows.<br/>Although my name is not in Art News so
      much I am fairly busy<br/>in fact with school lectures - I had one this morning
      - and tomorrow<br/>I am taking the public lecture at the N.G. on Claude.<br/>The
      next ICA exhibition is of Max Ernst. I am reviewing it<br/>for Art News. I am
      glad for - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very<br/>much and this show will include
      some of his recent work.<br/>Soon I should send you some poetry. I have written
      quite a<br/>lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only
      I<br/>were free of lectures I might write something interesting - except<br/>I
      should be hungry.<br/>No news except the young man of 25 who called - according
      to Mrs. Harrison - was Bill Bratt - not Paul Southey. I got<br/>news for Mrs.
      Harrison!<br/>I love you my darling -<br/>love you<br/>Lawrence
    charcount: 1503
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/0d12c794-18bd-44bb-a65a-ec8bb1444a9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9677136
    median_ratio: 0.9770318
    max_ratio: 0.9842932
    min_ratio: 0.9438503
    total_ratio: 4.8385678
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.117089
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1187259
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1813953
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0382353
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71545571
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908336
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5061091e+09
    started_on: 1.5061063e+09
    ended_on: 1.506109e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f12_002.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040991e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5061113e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5060384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2741.454
    minutes_annotating: 45.6909
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      2 XII 1952 Dearest Sylvia
      What good news about Clifford's glass. I am so glad he has completed
      the set again. What luck. His other purchases sound very impressive too.
      Your new painting looks terribly nice in the sketch, as I'm sure it is.
      It is not long, really, until I shall see it - in fact, as I do see it now
      in imagination. The arrangement of the articles reminds me of Enson
      a little bit.
      Yes I have seen Magda & John - the other evening - They were not
      together with me all the time. Both asked independantly after you -
      were delighted you were well - & both asked about your exhibition.
      Their flat and studio next to each other are behind Hanover Terrace
      in Regent's Park, charming. She is with Frank again - at least so
      far as he knows.
      Although my name is not in Art News so much I am fairly busy
      in fact with school lectures - I had one this morning - and tomorrow
      I am taking the public lecture at the N.G. on Claude.
      The next ICA exhibition is of Max Ernst - I am reviewing it
      for Art News - I am glad for - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very
      much and this show will include some of his recent work.
      Soon I should send you some poetry - I have written quite a
      lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I
      were free of lectures I might write something interesting - except
      I should be hungry.
      No news except the young was of 25 who called - according
      to Mrs Harrison - was Bill [unclear][/unclear] - not Paul Southey. I got
      news for Mrs Harrison!
      I love you my darling I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 2 XII 1952 Dearest Sylvia<br/>What good news about Clifford's
      glass. I am so glad he has completed<br/>the set again. What luck. His other
      purchases sound very impressive too.<br/>Your new painting looks terribly nice
      in the sketch, as I'm sure it is.<br/>It is not long, really, until I shall
      see it - in fact, as I do see it now<br/>in imagination. The arrangement of
      the articles reminds me of Enson<br/>a little bit.<br/>Yes I have seen Magda
      & John - the other evening - They were not<br/>together with me all the time.
      Both asked independantly after you -<br/>were delighted you were well - & both
      asked about your exhibition.<br/>Their flat and studio next to each other are
      behind Hanover Terrace<br/>in Regent's Park, charming. She is with Frank again
      - at least so<br/>far as he knows.<br/>Although my name is not in Art News so
      much I am fairly busy<br/>in fact with school lectures - I had one this morning
      - and tomorrow<br/>I am taking the public lecture at the N.G. on Claude.<br/>The
      next ICA exhibition is of Max Ernst - I am reviewing it<br/>for Art News - I
      am glad for - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very<br/>much and this show will include
      some of his recent work.<br/>Soon I should send you some poetry - I have written
      quite a<br/>lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only
      I<br/>were free of lectures I might write something interesting - except<br/>I
      should be hungry.<br/>No news except the young was of 25 who called - according<br/>to
      Mrs Harrison - was Bill  - not Paul Southey. I got<br/>news for Mrs Harrison!<br/>I
      love you my darling I love you<br/>Lawrence<br/>
    charcount: 1503
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/0d12c794-18bd-44bb-a65a-ec8bb1444a9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9622557
    median_ratio: 0.975265
    max_ratio: 0.9817232
    min_ratio: 0.9340463
    total_ratio: 4.8112784
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.117089
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1187259
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1813953
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0382353
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71549579
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 11908336
    user_name: hoskinml
    created_at: 1.5061113e+09
    started_on: 1.5061099e+09
    ended_on: 1.5061113e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f12_002.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5040991e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5061113e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5060384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1358.8979998
    minutes_annotating: 22.6483
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:55.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/55.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '55'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      2 xii 1952
      Dearest Sylvia
         What good news about Clifford's glass. I am so glad he has completed the set again - what luck. His other purchases sound very impressive too.
         Your new painting looks terribly nice in the sketch, as I'm sure it is. It is not long, really, until I shall see it __ in fact, as I do see it now in imagination. The arrangement of the articles reminds me of [unclear]Enson[/unclear] a little bit.
         Yes I have seen Magda & John - the other evening - They were not together with me all the time. Both asked about your exhibition - Their flat and studio next to each other are behind [unclear]Marones[/unclear] Terrace in Regent's Park. Charming. She is with Frank again - at least so far as he knows.
         Although my name is not in Art News so much I am fairly busy in fact with school lectures - I had one this morning - and tomorrow I am taking the public lecture at the N. G. on Claude.
         The next IC.A Exhibition is of Max Ernst - I am reviewing it for Art News - I am glad for - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very much and this show will include some of his recent work.
         Soon I should send you some poetry. I have written quite a lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I were free of lectures I might write something interesting - except I should be hungry.
         No news except the young man of 25 who called - according to Mrs Harrison - was Bill [unclear]Brath[/unclear] - not Paul [unclear]Southey[/unclear]. I got news for Mrs Harrison!
         I love you my darling love you
                                               Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 4
    clean_transcription: 2 xii 1952<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>   What good news about
      Clifford's glass. I am so glad he has completed the set again - what luck. His
      other purchases sound very impressive too.<br/>   Your new painting looks terribly
      nice in the sketch, as I'm sure it is. It is not long, really, until I shall
      see it __ in fact, as I do see it now in imagination. The arrangement of the
      articles reminds me of Enson a little bit.<br/>   Yes I have seen Magda & John
      - the other evening - They were not together with me all the time. Both asked
      about your exhibition - Their flat and studio next to each other are behind
      Marones Terrace in Regent's Park. Charming. She is with Frank again - at least
      so far as he knows.<br/>   Although my name is not in Art News so much I am
      fairly busy in fact with school lectures - I had one this morning - and tomorrow
      I am taking the public lecture at the N. G. on Claude.<br/>   The next IC.A
      Exhibition is of Max Ernst - I am reviewing it for Art News - I am glad for
      - as you know - I enjoy Ernst very much and this show will include some of his
      recent work.<br/>   Soon I should send you some poetry. I have written quite
      a lot of it and once I've sorted it out you shall see it. If only I were free
      of lectures I might write something interesting - except I should be hungry.<br/>   No
      news except the young man of 25 who called - according to Mrs Harrison - was
      Bill Brath - not Paul Southey. I got news for Mrs Harrison!<br/>   I love you
      my darling love you<br/>                                         Lawrence
    charcount: 1504
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/0d12c794-18bd-44bb-a65a-ec8bb1444a9f.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9307445
    median_ratio: 0.9310954
    max_ratio: 0.9442994
    min_ratio: 0.916221
    total_ratio: 4.6537224
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.117089
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1187259
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1813953
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0382353
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.1666667
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b05_f12_002.jpg

---
