---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_005
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 66624211
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751446
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5025845e+09
    started_on: 1.502581e+09
    ended_on: 1.5025845e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025845e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5035514e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5025824e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 3461.631
    minutes_annotating: 57.69385
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      6 ix 1951  Dearest Sylvia,
      I do hope that the weather has allowed you to make a start on
      the Cricket-Field gate - that charming and picturesque subject.
      Here the days start fine and usually turn rainy or even stormy
      in the evening, or late afternoon.  So, perhaps you will have
      been able to paint out of doors during the day.

      Father and I started the Festival in light and in dry weather,
      ending up at 10:30 in darkness and heavy rain.  The site is,
      however, delightful at night - you must see it, then.  We went
      round almost in order (getting lost here and there) and it is an
      advantage:  just as Shenstone used to complain if anyone came
      into his vista from the wrong end, so the designers have often
      stressed one aspect.  Father enjoyed it:  so did I again; and
      I anticipate happily seeing it again with you.

      My parents have invited me to Wimbledon on Friday to see Occupe
      Toi d'Amelie again and with it is Top Hat, which we saw at Streat-
      ham a little while ago.  If my lectures are in hand, as they say,
      I think I shall go.  I must see how my work goes, though.

      Thank you for reading the early Tudor chapter:  I am relieved
      and happy that you approve, my dearest.  I have a picture of the
      Apollo on the Arch:  Parsons has it at present but you shall see it
      soon.  What a pleasure to me that is has turned your mind again
      to your play.  No, no hurry with the Mss.

      Parson's by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate:  so
      I am giving him as a character-reference.  It will read:  D.H.K.
      Parsons, M.A., Exoter College, Oxford - as I am using his Oxford
      address.  That sounds quite grand, I think.

      I have been working on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and
      camp.  However, I must be serious as the lecture is tomorrow.
      Yesterday's lecture was, I think, successful:  afterwards I went
      to sea with a Swiss ann who has a charming collection.  Toulouse-
      Lautrec drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine, Guys drawing, and
      the centre of the collection - of any private col., - a late oil
      by Turner of Venice.   He picked it up in an auction room for what
      can only be described as 6 10s.  Itis authentic alright.  It
      is superb.  It has no provenance so I am going to try and get the
      sale room to give information (they are furious and won't speak to
      him) by writing on N.G. notepaper.  I made his acquaintance
      through my lectures which he constantly attends.  He tells me
      M. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France, near Avignon.

      You are in my thoughts all the while.  I love you, I love you,
      Lawence
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '6 ix 1951  Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I do hope that the weather
      has allowed you to make a start on<br/>the Cricket-Field gate - that charming
      and picturesque subject.<br/>Here the days start fine and usually turn rainy
      or even stormy<br/>in the evening, or late afternoon.  So, perhaps you will
      have<br/>been able to paint out of doors during the day.<br/><br/>Father and
      I started the Festival in light and in dry weather,<br/>ending up at 10:30 in
      darkness and heavy rain.  The site is,<br/>however, delightful at night - you
      must see it, then.  We went<br/>round almost in order (getting lost here and
      there) and it is an<br/>advantage:  just as Shenstone used to complain if anyone
      came<br/>into his vista from the wrong end, so the designers have often<br/>stressed
      one aspect.  Father enjoyed it:  so did I again; and<br/>I anticipate happily
      seeing it again with you.<br/><br/>My parents have invited me to Wimbledon on
      Friday to see Occupe<br/>Toi d''Amelie again and with it is Top Hat, which we
      saw at Streat-<br/>ham a little while ago.  If my lectures are in hand, as they
      say,<br/>I think I shall go.  I must see how my work goes, though.<br/><br/>Thank
      you for reading the early Tudor chapter:  I am relieved<br/>and happy that you
      approve, my dearest.  I have a picture of the<br/>Apollo on the Arch:  Parsons
      has it at present but you shall see it<br/>soon.  What a pleasure to me that
      is has turned your mind again<br/>to your play.  No, no hurry with the Mss.<br/><br/>Parson''s
      by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate:  so<br/>I am giving him as
      a character-reference.  It will read:  D.H.K.<br/>Parsons, M.A., Exoter College,
      Oxford - as I am using his Oxford<br/>address.  That sounds quite grand, I think.<br/><br/>I
      have been working on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and<br/>camp.  However,
      I must be serious as the lecture is tomorrow.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture was,
      I think, successful:  afterwards I went<br/>to sea with a Swiss ann who has
      a charming collection.  Toulouse-<br/>Lautrec drawing, oils by Fantin Latour,
      Lepine, Guys drawing, and<br/>the centre of the collection - of any private
      col., - a late oil<br/>by Turner of Venice.   He picked it up in an auction
      room for what<br/>can only be described as 6 10s.  Itis authentic alright.  It<br/>is
      superb.  It has no provenance so I am going to try and get the<br/>sale room
      to give information (they are furious and won''t speak to<br/>him) by writing
      on N.G. notepaper.  I made his acquaintance<br/>through my lectures which he
      constantly attends.  He tells me<br/>M. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France,
      near Avignon.<br/><br/>You are in my thoughts all the while.  I love you, I
      love you,<br/>Lawence<br/>'
    charcount: 2509
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d0ff0a10-eaab-4f97-8dd1-9285c2cb016b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.982647
    median_ratio: 0.9844002
    max_ratio: 0.9858416
    min_ratio: 0.973904
    total_ratio: 4.913235
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0411194
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0442368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0712093
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0213033
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66917221
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751446
    user_name: clv
    created_at: 1.5027929e+09
    started_on: 1.5027916e+09
    ended_on: 1.5027929e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025845e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5035514e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5027552e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1292.0379999
    minutes_annotating: 21.5339667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |+
      6 ix 1951
      Dearest Sylvia
      I do hope that the weather has allowed you to make a start on the Cricket-Field gate - that charming and picturesque subject. Here the days start fine and usually turn rainy or even stormy in the evening, or late afternoon. So, perhaps, you will have been able to paint out of doors during the day.
      Father and I started the Festival in light and in dry weather, ending up at 10.30 in darkness and heavy rain. The site is, however, delightful at night - you must see it, then. We went round almost in order, (getting lost here and there) and it is an advantage: just as Shenstone used to complain if anyone came into his vista from the wrong end, so the designers have often stressed one aspect. Father enjoyed it: so did I again; and I anticipate happily seeing it again with you.
      My parents have invited me to Wimbledon on Friday to see Occupe Toi d'Amelie again and with it is Top Hat, which we saw at Streatham a little while ago. If my lectures are in hand, as they say, I think I shall go. I must see how my work goes, though.
      Thank you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved and happy that you approve, my dearest.  I have a picture of the Apollo on the Arch: Parons has it at present but you shall see it soon. What a pleasure to me that it has turned your mind again to your play. No, so hurry with the MSS.
      Parsons, by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate: so I am giving him as a character-reference. It will read: D.H.K. Parsons, M.A., Exeter College, Oxford  -as I am using his Oxford address. That sounds quite grand, I think.

      I have been working on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and camp. However, I must be serious as the lecture is tomorrow. Yesterday's lecture was, I think, successful: afterwards I went to sea with a Swiss man who has a charming collection. Toulouse- Lautrec drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine, Guys drawing, and the centre of the collection - of any private col., - a late oil by Turner of Venice. He picked it up I an auction room for what can only be described as L6.10s. It is authentic alright. It is superb. It has no provenance so I am going to try and get the sale room to give information (they are furious and won't speak to him) by writing on N.G. notepaper.  I made his acquaintance through my lectures which he constantly attends.  He tells me M. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France, near Avignon.
      You are in my thoughts all the while. I love you, I love you,
      Lawrence

    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '6 ix 1951<br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>I do hope that the weather
      has allowed you to make a start on the Cricket-Field gate - that charming and
      picturesque subject. Here the days start fine and usually turn rainy or even
      stormy in the evening, or late afternoon. So, perhaps, you will have been able
      to paint out of doors during the day.<br/>Father and I started the Festival
      in light and in dry weather, ending up at 10.30 in darkness and heavy rain.
      The site is, however, delightful at night - you must see it, then. We went round
      almost in order, (getting lost here and there) and it is an advantage: just
      as Shenstone used to complain if anyone came into his vista from the wrong end,
      so the designers have often stressed one aspect. Father enjoyed it: so did I
      again; and I anticipate happily seeing it again with you.<br/>My parents have
      invited me to Wimbledon on Friday to see Occupe Toi d''Amelie again and with
      it is Top Hat, which we saw at Streatham a little while ago. If my lectures
      are in hand, as they say, I think I shall go. I must see how my work goes, though.<br/>Thank
      you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved and happy that you approve,
      my dearest.  I have a picture of the Apollo on the Arch: Parons has it at present
      but you shall see it soon. What a pleasure to me that it has turned your mind
      again to your play. No, so hurry with the MSS.<br/>Parsons, by the way, knows
      one or two people at the Tate: so I am giving him as a character-reference.
      It will read: D.H.K. Parsons, M.A., Exeter College, Oxford  -as I am using his
      Oxford address. That sounds quite grand, I think.<br/><br/>I have been working
      on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and camp. However, I must be serious as
      the lecture is tomorrow. Yesterday''s lecture was, I think, successful: afterwards
      I went to sea with a Swiss man who has a charming collection. Toulouse- Lautrec
      drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine, Guys drawing, and the centre of the
      collection - of any private col., - a late oil by Turner of Venice. He picked
      it up I an auction room for what can only be described as L6.10s. It is authentic
      alright. It is superb. It has no provenance so I am going to try and get the
      sale room to give information (they are furious and won''t speak to him) by
      writing on N.G. notepaper.  I made his acquaintance through my lectures which
      he constantly attends.  He tells me M. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France,
      near Avignon.<br/>You are in my thoughts all the while. I love you, I love you,<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2479
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d0ff0a10-eaab-4f97-8dd1-9285c2cb016b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9864403
    median_ratio: 0.9879202
    max_ratio: 0.9916099
    min_ratio: 0.9765136
    total_ratio: 4.9322015
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0411194
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0442368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0712093
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0213033
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67101017
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751446
    user_name: N5bz
    created_at: 1.5028924e+09
    started_on: 1.5028913e+09
    ended_on: 1.5028924e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025845e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5035514e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5028416e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1046.0929999
    minutes_annotating: 17.4348833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "6 ix 1951\nDearest Sylvia,\n  I do hope that the weather has
      allowed you to make a start on\nthe Cricket-Field gate - that charming and picturesque
      subject.\nHere the days start fine and usually turn rainy or even stormy\nin
      the evening, or late afternoon.  So, perhaps, you will have\nbeen able to paint
      out of doors during the day.\n\n   Father and I started the Festival in light
      and in dry weather, \nending up at 10.30 in darkness and heavy rain. The site
      is,\nhowever delightful at night - you must see it, then. We went\nround almost
      in order (getting lost here and there) and it is an\nadvantage: just as Shenstone
      used to complain if anyone came\ninto his vista from the wrong end, so the designers
      have often\nstressed one aspect.  Father enjoyed it: so did I again; and\nI
      anticipate happily seeing it again with you.\n\n  My parents have invited me
      to Wimbledon on Friday to see Occupe\nToi d'Amelie again and with it is Top
      Hat, which we sat at Streat-\nham a little while ago.  If my lectures are in
      hand, as they say,\nI think I shall go. I must see how my work goes, though.\n\n
      \ Thank you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved\nand happy that
      you approve, my dearest. I have a picture of the \nAppollo on / the arch:  Parons
      has it at present but you shall see it\nsoon.  What a pleasure to me that it
      has turned your mind again\nto your play.  No, no hurry with the MSS.\n\n   Parsons,
      by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate: so\nI am giving him as a character-reference.
      It will read: D.H.K.\nParsons, M.A., Exiter College, Oxford - as I am using
      his Oxford\naddress.  That sound quite grand, I think.\n\n  I have been working
      on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and\ncamp. However, I must be serious as
      the lecture is tomorrow.\nYesterday's lecture was, I thin, successful:  afterwards
      I went\nto sea with a Swiss man who has a charming collection.  Toulouse-\nLautrec
      drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine, Guys drawing, and\nthe centre of the
      collection - of any private col., - a late oil\nby Turner of Venice.  He picked
      it up in an auction room for what \ncan only be desribed as 6 pounds 10 shillings.
      \ It is authentic alright. It \nis superb.  It has no provenance so I am going
      to try and get the\nsale room to give information (they are furious and won't
      speak to him) by writing on N.G. notepaper.  I made his acquaintance\nthrough
      my lectures which he constantly attends. He tells me \nM. Douglas Cooper is
      going to live in France near Avignon.\n  You are in my thoughts all the while.
      I love you, I love you, \nLawrence "
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '6 ix 1951<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>  I do hope that the weather
      has allowed you to make a start on<br/>the Cricket-Field gate - that charming
      and picturesque subject.<br/>Here the days start fine and usually turn rainy
      or even stormy<br/>in the evening, or late afternoon.  So, perhaps, you will
      have<br/>been able to paint out of doors during the day.<br/><br/>   Father
      and I started the Festival in light and in dry weather, <br/>ending up at 10.30
      in darkness and heavy rain. The site is,<br/>however delightful at night - you
      must see it, then. We went<br/>round almost in order (getting lost here and
      there) and it is an<br/>advantage: just as Shenstone used to complain if anyone
      came<br/>into his vista from the wrong end, so the designers have often<br/>stressed
      one aspect.  Father enjoyed it: so did I again; and<br/>I anticipate happily
      seeing it again with you.<br/><br/>  My parents have invited me to Wimbledon
      on Friday to see Occupe<br/>Toi d''Amelie again and with it is Top Hat, which
      we sat at Streat-<br/>ham a little while ago.  If my lectures are in hand, as
      they say,<br/>I think I shall go. I must see how my work goes, though.<br/><br/>  Thank
      you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved<br/>and happy that you
      approve, my dearest. I have a picture of the <br/>Appollo on / the arch:  Parons
      has it at present but you shall see it<br/>soon.  What a pleasure to me that
      it has turned your mind again<br/>to your play.  No, no hurry with the MSS.<br/><br/>   Parsons,
      by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate: so<br/>I am giving him as a
      character-reference. It will read: D.H.K.<br/>Parsons, M.A., Exiter College,
      Oxford - as I am using his Oxford<br/>address.  That sound quite grand, I think.<br/><br/>  I
      have been working on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and<br/>camp. However,
      I must be serious as the lecture is tomorrow.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture was,
      I thin, successful:  afterwards I went<br/>to sea with a Swiss man who has a
      charming collection.  Toulouse-<br/>Lautrec drawing, oils by Fantin Latour,
      Lepine, Guys drawing, and<br/>the centre of the collection - of any private
      col., - a late oil<br/>by Turner of Venice.  He picked it up in an auction room
      for what <br/>can only be desribed as 6 pounds 10 shillings.  It is authentic
      alright. It <br/>is superb.  It has no provenance so I am going to try and get
      the<br/>sale room to give information (they are furious and won''t speak to
      him) by writing on N.G. notepaper.  I made his acquaintance<br/>through my lectures
      which he constantly attends. He tells me <br/>M. Douglas Cooper is going to
      live in France near Avignon.<br/>  You are in my thoughts all the while. I love
      you, I love you, <br/>Lawrence '
    charcount: 2530
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d0ff0a10-eaab-4f97-8dd1-9285c2cb016b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9810205
    median_ratio: 0.9811222
    max_ratio: 0.9821429
    min_ratio: 0.9795589
    total_ratio: 4.9051027
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0411194
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0442368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0712093
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0213033
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67266127
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751446
    user_name: Chris5420
    created_at: 1.5029735e+09
    started_on: 1.5029688e+09
    ended_on: 1.5029736e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025845e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5035514e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.502928e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 4715.4530001
    minutes_annotating: 78.5908833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      6 ix 1951
      Dearest Sylvia,
      I do hope that the weather has allowed you to make a start on
      the Cricket-Field gate - that charming and picturesque subject.
      Here the days start fine and usually turn rainy or even stormy
      in the evening, or late afternoon. So, perhaps, you will have
      been able to paint out of doors during the day.

      Father and I started the Festival in light and in dry weather,
      ending up at 10.20 in darkness and heavy rain. The site is,
      however, delightful at night - you must see it, then. We went
      round almost in order (getting lost here and there) and it is an
      advantage: just as Shenstone used to complain if anyone came
      into his vista from the wrong end, so the designers have often
      stressed one aspect. Father enjoyed it: so did I again; and
      I anticipate happily seeing it again with you.

      My parents have invited me to Wimbledon on Friday to see Occupe
      Toi d'Amelie again and with it is Top Hat, which we saw at Streat-
      ham a little while ago. If my lectures are in hand. as they say,
      I think I shall go. I must see how my work goes, though.

      Thank you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved
      and happy that you approve, my dearest. I have a picture of the
      Apollo on  the arch: Parsons has it at present but you shall see it
      soon. What a pleasure to me that it has turned your mind again
      to your play. No, no hurry with the MSS.

      Parsons, by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate: so
      I am giving him as a character-reference. It will read: D.H.K.
      Parsons, M.A., Exeter College, Oxford - as I am using his Oxford
      address. That sounds quite grand, I think.

      I have been working on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and
      camp.  However, I must be serious as the lecture is tomorrow.
      Yesterday's lecture was, I think, successful: afterwards I went
      to sea with a Swiss man who has a charming collection. Toulouse-
      Lautrec drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine, Guys drawing, and
      the centre of the collection - of any private col., - a late oil
      by Turner of Venice. He picked it up at an auction room for what
      can only be described as £6 10s. It is authentic alright. It
      is superb. It has no provenance so I am going to try and get the
      sale room to give information (they are furious and won't speak to
      him) by writing on N.G. notepaper. I made his acquaintance
      through my lectures which he constantly attends. He tells me
      M. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France, near Avignon.
      You are in my thoughts all the while. I love you, I love you,
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '6 ix 1951<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I do hope that the weather
      has allowed you to make a start on<br/>the Cricket-Field gate - that charming
      and picturesque subject.<br/>Here the days start fine and usually turn rainy
      or even stormy<br/>in the evening, or late afternoon. So, perhaps, you will
      have<br/>been able to paint out of doors during the day.<br/><br/>Father and
      I started the Festival in light and in dry weather,<br/>ending up at 10.20 in
      darkness and heavy rain. The site is,<br/>however, delightful at night - you
      must see it, then. We went<br/>round almost in order (getting lost here and
      there) and it is an<br/>advantage: just as Shenstone used to complain if anyone
      came<br/>into his vista from the wrong end, so the designers have often<br/>stressed
      one aspect. Father enjoyed it: so did I again; and<br/>I anticipate happily
      seeing it again with you.<br/><br/>My parents have invited me to Wimbledon on
      Friday to see Occupe<br/>Toi d''Amelie again and with it is Top Hat, which we
      saw at Streat-<br/>ham a little while ago. If my lectures are in hand. as they
      say,<br/>I think I shall go. I must see how my work goes, though.<br/><br/>Thank
      you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved<br/>and happy that you
      approve, my dearest. I have a picture of the<br/>Apollo on  the arch: Parsons
      has it at present but you shall see it<br/>soon. What a pleasure to me that
      it has turned your mind again<br/>to your play. No, no hurry with the MSS.<br/><br/>Parsons,
      by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate: so<br/>I am giving him as a
      character-reference. It will read: D.H.K.<br/>Parsons, M.A., Exeter College,
      Oxford - as I am using his Oxford<br/>address. That sounds quite grand, I think.<br/><br/>I
      have been working on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and<br/>camp.  However,
      I must be serious as the lecture is tomorrow.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture was,
      I think, successful: afterwards I went<br/>to sea with a Swiss man who has a
      charming collection. Toulouse-<br/>Lautrec drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine,
      Guys drawing, and<br/>the centre of the collection - of any private col., -
      a late oil<br/>by Turner of Venice. He picked it up at an auction room for what<br/>can
      only be described as lb6 10s. It is authentic alright. It<br/>is superb. It
      has no provenance so I am going to try and get the<br/>sale room to give information
      (they are furious and won''t speak to<br/>him) by writing on N.G. notepaper.
      I made his acquaintance<br/>through my lectures which he constantly attends.
      He tells me<br/>M. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France, near Avignon.<br/>You
      are in my thoughts all the while. I love you, I love you,<br/>Lawrence<br/>'
    charcount: 2486
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d0ff0a10-eaab-4f97-8dd1-9285c2cb016b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9859232
    median_ratio: 0.987395
    max_ratio: 0.9905462
    min_ratio: 0.9744259
    total_ratio: 4.929616
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0411194
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0442368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0712093
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0213033
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67657696
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751446
    user_name: freelulu
    created_at: 1.5032487e+09
    started_on: 1.5032479e+09
    ended_on: 1.5032487e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.49 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025845e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5035514e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5031872e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 769.4820001
    minutes_annotating: 12.8247
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_6) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.49 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "6 ix 1951\n\nDearest Sylvia,\nI do hope that the weather has
      allowed you to make a start on \nthe Cricket-Field gate - that charming and
      picturesque subject. \nHere the days start fine and usually turn rainy or even
      stormy\nin the evening, or late afternoon. So, perhaps, you will have\nbeen
      able to paint out of doors during the day.\n\nFather and I started the Festival
      in light and in dry weather,\nending up at 10.30 in darkness and heavy rain.
      The site is,\nhowever, delightful at night - you must see it, then. We went\n
      round almost in order (getting lost here and there) and it is an\nadvantage:
      just as Shenstone used to complain if anyone came\ninto his vista from the wrong
      end, so the designers have often\nstressed one aspect. Father enjoyed it: so
      did I again; and\nI anticipate happily seeing it again with you.\n\nMy parents
      have invited me to Wimbledon on Friday to see Occupe\nToi d'Amelie agan and
      with it is Top Hat, which we saw at StTreat-\nham a little while ago. If my
      lectures are in hand, as they say,\nI think I shall go. I must see how my work
      goes, though.\n\nThank you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved\nand
      happy that you approve, my dearest. I have a picture of the\nApollo on the Arch:
      Parsons has it at present but you shall see it\nsoon. What a pleasure to me
      that it has turned your mind again\nto your play. No, no hurry with the MSS.\n\nParsons,
      by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate: so \nI am giving him as a character-reference.
      It will read: D.H.K.\nParsons, M.A., Exeter College, Oxford - as I am using
      his Oxford\naddress. That sounds quite grand, I think.\n\nI have been working
      on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and\ncamp. However, I must be serious as
      the lecture is tomorrow.\nYesterday's lecture was, I think, successful: afterwards
      I went\nto sea with a Swiss man who has a charming collection. Toulouse-\nLautrec
      drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine, Guys drawing, and\nthe centre of the
      collection - of any private col., - a late oil\nby Turner of Venice. He picked
      it up in an auction room for what\ncan only be described as €6 10s. It is authentic
      alright. It \nis superb. It has no provenance so I am going to try and get the\nsale
      room to give information (they are furious and won't speak to\nhim) by writing
      on N.G. notepaper. I made his acquaintance \nthrough my lectures which he constantly
      attends. He tells me\nM. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France, near Avignon.\n\nYou
      are still in my thoughts all the while. I love you, I love you,\n\nLawrence "
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '6 ix 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I do hope that the
      weather has allowed you to make a start on <br/>the Cricket-Field gate - that
      charming and picturesque subject. <br/>Here the days start fine and usually
      turn rainy or even stormy<br/>in the evening, or late afternoon. So, perhaps,
      you will have<br/>been able to paint out of doors during the day.<br/><br/>Father
      and I started the Festival in light and in dry weather,<br/>ending up at 10.30
      in darkness and heavy rain. The site is,<br/>however, delightful at night -
      you must see it, then. We went<br/> round almost in order (getting lost here
      and there) and it is an<br/>advantage: just as Shenstone used to complain if
      anyone came<br/>into his vista from the wrong end, so the designers have often<br/>stressed
      one aspect. Father enjoyed it: so did I again; and<br/>I anticipate happily
      seeing it again with you.<br/><br/>My parents have invited me to Wimbledon on
      Friday to see Occupe<br/>Toi d''Amelie agan and with it is Top Hat, which we
      saw at StTreat-<br/>ham a little while ago. If my lectures are in hand, as they
      say,<br/>I think I shall go. I must see how my work goes, though.<br/><br/>Thank
      you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved<br/>and happy that you
      approve, my dearest. I have a picture of the<br/>Apollo on the Arch: Parsons
      has it at present but you shall see it<br/>soon. What a pleasure to me that
      it has turned your mind again<br/>to your play. No, no hurry with the MSS.<br/><br/>Parsons,
      by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate: so <br/>I am giving him as
      a character-reference. It will read: D.H.K.<br/>Parsons, M.A., Exeter College,
      Oxford - as I am using his Oxford<br/>address. That sounds quite grand, I think.<br/><br/>I
      have been working on Blake - so feel defiantly trivial and<br/>camp. However,
      I must be serious as the lecture is tomorrow.<br/>Yesterday''s lecture was,
      I think, successful: afterwards I went<br/>to sea with a Swiss man who has a
      charming collection. Toulouse-<br/>Lautrec drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine,
      Guys drawing, and<br/>the centre of the collection - of any private col., -
      a late oil<br/>by Turner of Venice. He picked it up in an auction room for what<br/>can
      only be described as EUR6 10s. It is authentic alright. It <br/>is superb. It
      has no provenance so I am going to try and get the<br/>sale room to give information
      (they are furious and won''t speak to<br/>him) by writing on N.G. notepaper.
      I made his acquaintance <br/>through my lectures which he constantly attends.
      He tells me<br/>M. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France, near Avignon.<br/><br/>You
      are still in my thoughts all the while. I love you, I love you,<br/><br/>Lawrence '
    charcount: 2500
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d0ff0a10-eaab-4f97-8dd1-9285c2cb016b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9887467
    median_ratio: 0.9908553
    max_ratio: 0.9921342
    min_ratio: 0.9786013
    total_ratio: 4.9437337
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0411194
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0442368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0712093
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0213033
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68056425
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751446
    user_name: _secunda
    created_at: 1.5035514e+09
    started_on: 1.5035508e+09
    ended_on: 1.5035514e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5025845e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5035514e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5035328e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 592.6860001
    minutes_annotating: 9.8781
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "6 ix 1951\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nI do hope that the weather has
      allowed you to make a start on the Cricket-Field gate--that charming and picturesque
      subject. Here the days start fine and usually turn rainy or even stormy in the
      evening, or late afternoon. So, perhaps, you will have been able to paint out
      of doors during the day.\n\nFather and I started the Festival in light and in
      dry weather, ending up at 10.30 in darkness and heavy rain. The site is, however,
      delightful at night--you must see it, then. We went round almost in order (getting
      lost here and there) and it is an advantage: just as Shenstone used to complain
      if anyone came into his vista from the wrong end, so the designers have often
      stressed one aspect. Father enjoyed it: so did I again; and I anticipate happily
      seeing it again with you.\n\nMy parents have invited me to Wimbledon on Friday
      to see Occupe Toi d'Amelie again and with it is Top Hat, which we saw at Streatham
      a little while ago. If my lectures are in hand, as they say, I think I shall
      go. I must see how my work goes, though.\n\nThank you for reading the early
      Tudor chapter: I am relieved and happy that you approve, my dearest. I have
      a picture of the Apollo on the Arch: Parsons has it at present but you shall
      see it soon. What a pleasure to me that it has turned your mind again to your
      play. No, no hurry with the MSS.\n\nParsons, by the way, knows one or two people
      at the Tate: so I am giving him as a character-reference. It will read: D.H.M.
      Parsons, M.A., Exeter College, Oxford--as I am using his Oxford address. That
      sounds quite grand, I think.\n\nI have been working on Blake--so feel defiantly
      trivial and camp. However, I must be serious as the lecture is tomorrow. Yesterday's
      lecture was, I think, successful: afterwards I went to sea with a Swiss man
      who has a charming collection. Toulouse-Lautrec drawing, oils by Fantin Latour,
      Lepine, Guys drawing, and by Turner of Venice. He picked it up in an action
      room for what can only be described as £6 10s. It is authentic alright. It is
      superb. It has no provenance so I am going to try and get the sale room to give
      information (they are furious and won't speak to him) by writing on N.G. notepaper.
      I made his acquaintance through my lectures which he constantly attends. He
      tells me M. Douglas Cooper is going to live in France, near Avignon. \n\nYou
      are in my thoughts all the while. I love you, I love you,\nLawrence"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '6 ix 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>I do hope that
      the weather has allowed you to make a start on the Cricket-Field gate--that
      charming and picturesque subject. Here the days start fine and usually turn
      rainy or even stormy in the evening, or late afternoon. So, perhaps, you will
      have been able to paint out of doors during the day.<br/><br/>Father and I started
      the Festival in light and in dry weather, ending up at 10.30 in darkness and
      heavy rain. The site is, however, delightful at night--you must see it, then.
      We went round almost in order (getting lost here and there) and it is an advantage:
      just as Shenstone used to complain if anyone came into his vista from the wrong
      end, so the designers have often stressed one aspect. Father enjoyed it: so
      did I again; and I anticipate happily seeing it again with you.<br/><br/>My
      parents have invited me to Wimbledon on Friday to see Occupe Toi d''Amelie again
      and with it is Top Hat, which we saw at Streatham a little while ago. If my
      lectures are in hand, as they say, I think I shall go. I must see how my work
      goes, though.<br/><br/>Thank you for reading the early Tudor chapter: I am relieved
      and happy that you approve, my dearest. I have a picture of the Apollo on the
      Arch: Parsons has it at present but you shall see it soon. What a pleasure to
      me that it has turned your mind again to your play. No, no hurry with the MSS.<br/><br/>Parsons,
      by the way, knows one or two people at the Tate: so I am giving him as a character-reference.
      It will read: D.H.M. Parsons, M.A., Exeter College, Oxford--as I am using his
      Oxford address. That sounds quite grand, I think.<br/><br/>I have been working
      on Blake--so feel defiantly trivial and camp. However, I must be serious as
      the lecture is tomorrow. Yesterday''s lecture was, I think, successful: afterwards
      I went to sea with a Swiss man who has a charming collection. Toulouse-Lautrec
      drawing, oils by Fantin Latour, Lepine, Guys drawing, and by Turner of Venice.
      He picked it up in an action room for what can only be described as lb6 10s.
      It is authentic alright. It is superb. It has no provenance so I am going to
      try and get the sale room to give information (they are furious and won''t speak
      to him) by writing on N.G. notepaper. I made his acquaintance through my lectures
      which he constantly attends. He tells me M. Douglas Cooper is going to live
      in France, near Avignon. <br/><br/>You are in my thoughts all the while. I love
      you, I love you,<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2414
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d0ff0a10-eaab-4f97-8dd1-9285c2cb016b.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9701498
    median_ratio: 0.9716387
    max_ratio: 0.9758783
    min_ratio: 0.9587683
    total_ratio: 4.8507489
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0411194
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0442368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0712093
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0213033
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.8333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_005.jpg

---
