---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_014
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 71872062
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249707
    user_name: EricSaberhagen
    created_at: 1.5064471e+09
    started_on: 1.5064461e+09
    ended_on: 1.5064471e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5064471e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506782e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 972.9280002
    minutes_annotating: 16.2154667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n6 ii 1953\n\nMy dearest Sylvia,\n\nThank you so
      much for your letter and the photographs.  I am \nsorry they are not suitable
      for the newspaper: I should have\nthought of that.  I think it a splendid idea
      to send one to\nVogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very\ngood
      indeed, just what is needed.  I will type it and send it \nto you in my next
      letter.\n\nTiny seems to have handled the reporter splendidly: good for\nher.
      \ I am glad that he liked your work, too.  The business\nabout 'the husband
      of the painter' is very neatly contrived.\n\nI shall be only too glad to get
      Pengelly's picture.  I have \nnot been to New Malden since I-don't-know-when,
      it will be\namusing to see the place with architectural-eyes.\n\nAs you know,
      I saw C last night which was a great pleasure.\nHe tells me that you have been
      really unwell (worse than I\nhad quite realised from your letters).  I am so
      unhappy to \nhear this but I am relieved that you are better now than you\nwere.
      \ Thank goodness bronchitis did not develop as was feared.\nIt is so unusual
      for you to be ill like this and forced to \nremain inbed but I do think ('philosophy
      from the den') that\nthis enforced rest may do you good.  C told me that you
      de-\ncided to finish Blacker before reading Harvey's memoirs:\npoor, plucky
      cat.\n\nC took me to the Danish restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I\nate an amazing
      quantity of food: so much meat... It was de-\nlicious.  I am afraid that it
      was expensive but you know how\nC is, he would not let me pay for anything,
      nor would he have\na drink afterwards as he went off to see Hull-Walton.  It
      was\nso nice to see him.\n\nI saw the musical about Eva Tanguay ('Pull down
      the gangway,\nHere comes Eva Tanguay') and it has 3 interesting dances, one\nof
      them sensationally good.  Mitzi Gaynor, however, was not\nso well cast as in
      Bloodhounds of Broadway: she's better as a\nsimple girl than a fast one.  It's
      called The I Don't Care Girl.\n\nElsie King, Connie's sister, remembered my
      taste for cactus and\nhas given me a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with
      purple\nflowers.  It is at Wimbledon at the moment, but I hope to bring\nit
      home in a day or so.\n\nDarling I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready.
      \ Oh\ndearest, I love you dearly, I adore you, get well quick,\nI love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>6 ii 1953<br/><br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter and the photographs.  I am <br/>sorry they are not
      suitable for the newspaper: I should have<br/>thought of that.  I think it a
      splendid idea to send one to<br/>Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny
      in thinking very<br/>good indeed, just what is needed.  I will type it and send
      it <br/>to you in my next letter.<br/><br/>Tiny seems to have handled the reporter
      splendidly: good for<br/>her.  I am glad that he liked your work, too.  The
      business<br/>about ''the husband of the painter'' is very neatly contrived.<br/><br/>I
      shall be only too glad to get Pengelly''s picture.  I have <br/>not been to
      New Malden since I-don''t-know-when, it will be<br/>amusing to see the place
      with architectural-eyes.<br/><br/>As you know, I saw C last night which was
      a great pleasure.<br/>He tells me that you have been really unwell (worse than
      I<br/>had quite realised from your letters).  I am so unhappy to <br/>hear this
      but I am relieved that you are better now than you<br/>were.  Thank goodness
      bronchitis did not develop as was feared.<br/>It is so unusual for you to be
      ill like this and forced to <br/>remain inbed but I do think (''philosophy from
      the den'') that<br/>this enforced rest may do you good.  C told me that you
      de-<br/>cided to finish Blacker before reading Harvey''s memoirs:<br/>poor,
      plucky cat.<br/><br/>C took me to the Danish restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and
      I<br/>ate an amazing quantity of food: so much meat... It was de-<br/>licious.  I
      am afraid that it was expensive but you know how<br/>C is, he would not let
      me pay for anything, nor would he have<br/>a drink afterwards as he went off
      to see Hull-Walton.  It was<br/>so nice to see him.<br/><br/>I saw the musical
      about Eva Tanguay (''Pull down the gangway,<br/>Here comes Eva Tanguay'') and
      it has 3 interesting dances, one<br/>of them sensationally good.  Mitzi Gaynor,
      however, was not<br/>so well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway: she''s better
      as a<br/>simple girl than a fast one.  It''s called The I Don''t Care Girl.<br/><br/>Elsie
      King, Connie''s sister, remembered my taste for cactus and<br/>has given me
      a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with purple<br/>flowers.  It is at Wimbledon
      at the moment, but I hope to bring<br/>it home in a day or so.<br/><br/>Darling
      I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready.  Oh<br/>dearest, I love you
      dearly, I adore you, get well quick,<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2284
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/e9d47f19-f560-4641-a083-8bcde6afd397.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9900855
    median_ratio: 0.9942263
    max_ratio: 0.9965378
    min_ratio: 0.9792746
    total_ratio: 4.9504276
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0347001
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0370861
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634402
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0060565
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71883788
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249707
    user_name: the3esses
    created_at: 1.5064502e+09
    started_on: 1.5064397e+09
    ended_on: 1.5064502e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5064471e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506782e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 10527.283
    minutes_annotating: 175.4547167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/61.0.3163.100 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '61'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3163'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath \n6 ii 1953\nMy dearest Sylvia,\nThank you so much
      for your letter and the photographs. I am sorry they are not suitable for the
      newspaper: I should have thought that. I think it a splendid idea to send one
      to Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very good indeed,
      just what is needed. I will type it and send it to you in my next letter.\nTiny
      seems to have handled the reporter splendidly: good for her. I am glad that
      he liked your work, too. The business about 'the husband of the painter' is
      very neatly contrived.\nI shall be only too glad to get Pengelly's picture.
      I have not been to New Malden since I-don't-know-when, it will be amusing to
      see the place with architectural-eyes.\nAs you know, I saw C last night which
      was a great pleasure. He tells me that you have been really unwell (worse than
      I had quite realised from your letters). I am so unhappy to hear this but I
      am relieved that you are better now than you were. Thank goodness broncitis
      did not develop as was feared. It is so unusual for you to be ill like this
      and forced to remain in bed but I do think ('philosophy from the den') that
      this enforced rest may do you good. C told me that you decided to finish Blacker
      before reading Harvey's memoirs: poor, plucky cat.\nC took me to the Danish
      Restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I ate an amazing quantity of food: so much
      meat ...It was delicious. I am afriad that it was expensive but you know how
      C is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have a drink afterwards
      as he went off to see Hull-Walton. It was so nice to see him.\nI saw the musical
      about Eva Tanguay ('Pull down the gangway, Here comes Eva Tanguay') and it has
      3 interesting dances, one of them sensationally good. Mitzi Gaynor, however
      was not so well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway: she's better as a simple
      girl than a fast one. It's called The I Don't Care Girl.\nElsie King, Connie's
      sister, remembered my taste for cactus and has given me a handsome cactus, about
      a foot tall, with purple flowers. It is at Wimbledon at the moment, but I hope
      to bring it home in a day or so.\nDarling I must fly and get the new Matisse
      lecture ready. Oh dearest, I love you dearly, I adore you, get well quick,\nI
      love you \nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath <br/>6 ii 1953<br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter and the photographs. I am sorry they are not suitable
      for the newspaper: I should have thought that. I think it a splendid idea to
      send one to Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very
      good indeed, just what is needed. I will type it and send it to you in my next
      letter.<br/>Tiny seems to have handled the reporter splendidly: good for her.
      I am glad that he liked your work, too. The business about ''the husband of
      the painter'' is very neatly contrived.<br/>I shall be only too glad to get
      Pengelly''s picture. I have not been to New Malden since I-don''t-know-when,
      it will be amusing to see the place with architectural-eyes.<br/>As you know,
      I saw C last night which was a great pleasure. He tells me that you have been
      really unwell (worse than I had quite realised from your letters). I am so unhappy
      to hear this but I am relieved that you are better now than you were. Thank
      goodness broncitis did not develop as was feared. It is so unusual for you to
      be ill like this and forced to remain in bed but I do think (''philosophy from
      the den'') that this enforced rest may do you good. C told me that you decided
      to finish Blacker before reading Harvey''s memoirs: poor, plucky cat.<br/>C
      took me to the Danish Restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I ate an amazing quantity
      of food: so much meat ...It was delicious. I am afriad that it was expensive
      but you know how C is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have
      a drink afterwards as he went off to see Hull-Walton. It was so nice to see
      him.<br/>I saw the musical about Eva Tanguay (''Pull down the gangway, Here
      comes Eva Tanguay'') and it has 3 interesting dances, one of them sensationally
      good. Mitzi Gaynor, however was not so well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway:
      she''s better as a simple girl than a fast one. It''s called The I Don''t Care
      Girl.<br/>Elsie King, Connie''s sister, remembered my taste for cactus and has
      given me a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with purple flowers. It is at
      Wimbledon at the moment, but I hope to bring it home in a day or so.<br/>Darling
      I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready. Oh dearest, I love you dearly,
      I adore you, get well quick,<br/>I love you <br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2249
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/e9d47f19-f560-4641-a083-8bcde6afd397.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9857043
    median_ratio: 0.9873053
    max_ratio: 0.9930836
    min_ratio: 0.9758204
    total_ratio: 4.9285216
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0347001
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0370861
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634402
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0060565
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 71911851
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249707
    user_name: jsprake
    created_at: 1.5064595e+09
    started_on: 1.506459e+09
    ended_on: 1.5064595e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5064471e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506782e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.506384e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 530.8929999
    minutes_annotating: 8.8482167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; Trident/7.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E;
      .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; rv:11.0) like Gecko
    ua.family: IE
    ua.major: '11'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n6 ii 1953\nMy dearest Sylvia,\nThank you so much
      for your letter and the photographs.  I am sorry they are not suitable for the
      newspaper:  I should have thought of that.  I think it a splendid idea to send
      one to Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very good
      indeed, just what is needed.  I will type it and send it to you in my next letter.\n\nTiny
      seems to have handled the reporter splendidly:  good for her.  I am glad that
      he liked your work, too.  The business about 'the husband of the painter' is
      very neatly contrived.\n\nI shall be only too glad to get Pengelly's picture.
      \ I have not been to New Malden since I-don't-know-when, it will be amusing
      to see the place with architectural-eyes.\n\nA you know, I saw C last night
      which was a great pleasure.  He tells me that you have been really unwell (worse
      than I had quite realized from your letters).  I am so unhappy to hear this
      but I am relieved that you are better now than you were.  Thank goodness bronchitis
      did not develop as was feared.  It is so unusual for you to be ill like this
      and forced to remain in bed but I do think ('philosophy from the den') that
      this enforced rest may do you good.  C told me that you decided to finish Blacker
      before reading Harvey's memoirs:  poor, plucky cat.\n\nC took me to the Danish
      Restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I ate an amazing quantity of food:  so much
      meat... It was delicious.  I am afraid that it was expensive but you now how
      C is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have a drink afterwards
      as he went off to see Hull-Walton.  It was so nice to see him.\n\nI saw the
      musical about Eva Tanguay ('Pull down the gangway, Here comes Eva Tanguay')
      and it has 3 interesting dances, one of them sensationally good.  Mitzi Gaynor,
      however, was not so well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway: she's better as
      a simple girl than a fast one.  It's called The I don't Care Girl.\n\nElsie
      King, Connie's sister, remembered my taste for cactus and has given me a handsome
      cactus, about a foot tall, with purple flowers.  It is at Wimbledon at the moment,
      but I hope to bring it home in a day or so.\n\nDarling I must fly and get the
      new Matisse lecture ready.  Oh dearest, I love you dearly, I adore you, get
      well quick, \nI love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>6 ii 1953<br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter and the photographs.  I am sorry they are not suitable
      for the newspaper:  I should have thought of that.  I think it a splendid idea
      to send one to Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very
      good indeed, just what is needed.  I will type it and send it to you in my next
      letter.<br/><br/>Tiny seems to have handled the reporter splendidly:  good for
      her.  I am glad that he liked your work, too.  The business about ''the husband
      of the painter'' is very neatly contrived.<br/><br/>I shall be only too glad
      to get Pengelly''s picture.  I have not been to New Malden since I-don''t-know-when,
      it will be amusing to see the place with architectural-eyes.<br/><br/>A you
      know, I saw C last night which was a great pleasure.  He tells me that you have
      been really unwell (worse than I had quite realized from your letters).  I am
      so unhappy to hear this but I am relieved that you are better now than you were.  Thank
      goodness bronchitis did not develop as was feared.  It is so unusual for you
      to be ill like this and forced to remain in bed but I do think (''philosophy
      from the den'') that this enforced rest may do you good.  C told me that you
      decided to finish Blacker before reading Harvey''s memoirs:  poor, plucky cat.<br/><br/>C
      took me to the Danish Restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I ate an amazing quantity
      of food:  so much meat... It was delicious.  I am afraid that it was expensive
      but you now how C is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have
      a drink afterwards as he went off to see Hull-Walton.  It was so nice to see
      him.<br/><br/>I saw the musical about Eva Tanguay (''Pull down the gangway,
      Here comes Eva Tanguay'') and it has 3 interesting dances, one of them sensationally
      good.  Mitzi Gaynor, however, was not so well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway:
      she''s better as a simple girl than a fast one.  It''s called The I don''t Care
      Girl.<br/><br/>Elsie King, Connie''s sister, remembered my taste for cactus
      and has given me a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with purple flowers.  It
      is at Wimbledon at the moment, but I hope to bring it home in a day or so.<br/><br/>Darling
      I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready.  Oh dearest, I love you dearly,
      I adore you, get well quick, <br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2279
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/e9d47f19-f560-4641-a083-8bcde6afd397.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9869727
    median_ratio: 0.9896074
    max_ratio: 0.995389
    min_ratio: 0.974669
    total_ratio: 4.9348636
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0347001
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0370861
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634402
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0060565
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72093084
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249707
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5065595e+09
    started_on: 1.5065578e+09
    ended_on: 1.5065595e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5064471e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506782e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5065568e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1665.4390001
    minutes_annotating: 27.7573167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "6 ii 1953 Blackheath My dearest Sylvia,\nThank you so much for
      your letter and the photographs. I am\nsorry they are not suitable for the newspaper:
      I should have\nthought of that. I think it a splended idea to send one to\nVogue
      with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very\ngood indeed, just
      what is needed. I will type it and send it \nto you in my next letter.\n\nTiny
      seems to have handled the reporter splendidly: good for\nher. I am glad that
      he liked your work, too. The business\nabout 'the husband of the painter' is
      very neatly contrived.\n\nI shall be only too glad to get Pengelly's picture.
      I have\nnot been to New Malden since I-don't-know-when, it will be\namusing
      to see the place with architectural-eyes.\n\nAs you know, I saw C last night
      which was a great pleasure.\nHe tells me that you have been really unwell (worse
      than I\nhad quite realised from your letters). I am so unhappy to\nhear this
      but I am relieved that you are better now than you\nwere. Thank goodness broncitis
      did not develop as was feared.\nIt is so unusual for you to be ill like this
      and forced to\nremain in bed but I do think ('philosophy from the den') that
      \nthis enforced rest may do you good. C told me that you de-\ncided to finish
      Blacker before reading Harvey's memoirs:\npoor, plucky cat.\n\nC took me to
      the Danish Restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I\nate an amazing quantity of food:
      so much meat... It was de-\nlicious. I am afraid that it was expensive but you
      know how\nC is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have\na drink
      afterwards as he went off to see Hull-Walton. It was\nso nice to see him.\n\nI
      saw the musical about Eva Tanguay ('Pull down the gangway,\nHere comes Eva Tanguay')
      and it has 3 interesting dances, one\nof them sansationally good. Mitzi Gayner,
      however, was not\nso well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway: she's better as
      a\nsimple girl than a fast one. It's called The I Don't Care Girl.\n\nElsie
      King, Connie's sister, remembered by taste for cactus and\nhas given me a handsome
      cactus, about a foot tall, with purple\nflowers. It is at WImbledon at the moment,
      but I hope to bring\nit home in a day or so.\n\nDarling I must fly and get the
      new Matisse lecture ready. Oh\ndearest, I love you dearly, I adore you, get
      well quick,\nI love you\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '6 ii 1953 Blackheath My dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank you so
      much for your letter and the photographs. I am<br/>sorry they are not suitable
      for the newspaper: I should have<br/>thought of that. I think it a splended
      idea to send one to<br/>Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking
      very<br/>good indeed, just what is needed. I will type it and send it <br/>to
      you in my next letter.<br/><br/>Tiny seems to have handled the reporter splendidly:
      good for<br/>her. I am glad that he liked your work, too. The business<br/>about
      ''the husband of the painter'' is very neatly contrived.<br/><br/>I shall be
      only too glad to get Pengelly''s picture. I have<br/>not been to New Malden
      since I-don''t-know-when, it will be<br/>amusing to see the place with architectural-eyes.<br/><br/>As
      you know, I saw C last night which was a great pleasure.<br/>He tells me that
      you have been really unwell (worse than I<br/>had quite realised from your letters).
      I am so unhappy to<br/>hear this but I am relieved that you are better now than
      you<br/>were. Thank goodness broncitis did not develop as was feared.<br/>It
      is so unusual for you to be ill like this and forced to<br/>remain in bed but
      I do think (''philosophy from the den'') that <br/>this enforced rest may do
      you good. C told me that you de-<br/>cided to finish Blacker before reading
      Harvey''s memoirs:<br/>poor, plucky cat.<br/><br/>C took me to the Danish Restaurant
      - the 3 Vikings - and I<br/>ate an amazing quantity of food: so much meat...
      It was de-<br/>licious. I am afraid that it was expensive but you know how<br/>C
      is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have<br/>a drink afterwards
      as he went off to see Hull-Walton. It was<br/>so nice to see him.<br/><br/>I
      saw the musical about Eva Tanguay (''Pull down the gangway,<br/>Here comes Eva
      Tanguay'') and it has 3 interesting dances, one<br/>of them sansationally good.
      Mitzi Gayner, however, was not<br/>so well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway:
      she''s better as a<br/>simple girl than a fast one. It''s called The I Don''t
      Care Girl.<br/><br/>Elsie King, Connie''s sister, remembered by taste for cactus
      and<br/>has given me a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with purple<br/>flowers.
      It is at WImbledon at the moment, but I hope to bring<br/>it home in a day or
      so.<br/><br/>Darling I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready. Oh<br/>dearest,
      I love you dearly, I adore you, get well quick,<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2264
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/e9d47f19-f560-4641-a083-8bcde6afd397.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9815489
    median_ratio: 0.983266
    max_ratio: 0.9867435
    min_ratio: 0.9723661
    total_ratio: 4.9077446
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0347001
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0370861
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634402
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0060565
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72202625
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249707
    user_name: Molly_Carr
    created_at: 1.5066233e+09
    started_on: 1.5066224e+09
    ended_on: 1.5066233e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.7; rv:48.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/48.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5064471e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506782e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5065568e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 817.8770001
    minutes_annotating: 13.6312833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.7; rv:48.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/48.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '48'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '7'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      6 ii 1953
      My dearest Sylvia,
      Thank you so much for your letter and the photographs. I am sorry they are not suitable for the newspaper: I should have thought of that. I think it a splended idea to send one to Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very good indeed, just what is needed. I will type it and send it to you in my next letter.
      Tiny seemds to have handled the reporter splendidly: good for her. I am glad that he liked your work, too. The business about 'the husband of the painter' is very neatly contrived.
      I shall be only too glad to get Pengelly's picture. I have not been to New Malden since I-don't-know-when, it will be amusing to see the place with archtitectural-eyes.
      As you know, I saw C last night which was a great pleasure. He tells me that you have been really unwell (worse than I had quite realised form your letters). I am so unhappy to hear this but I am relieved that you are better now than you were. Thank goodness broncitis did not develop as was feared. It is so unusual for you to be ill like this and forced to remain in bed but I do think ('philosophy from the den') that this enforced rest may do you good. C told me that you decided to finish Blacker before reading Harvey's memoirs:
      poor, plucky cat.
      C took me to the Danish Restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I ate an amazing quantity of food: so much meat... It was delicious. I am afraid that it was expensive but you know how C is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have a drink afterwarts as he went off to see Hull-Walton. It was so nice to see him.
      I saw the musical about Eva Tanguay ('Pull down the gangway, Here comes Eva Tanguay') and it has 3 interesting dances, one of them sensationally good. Mitzi Gaynor, however, was not so well ast as the Bloodhounds of Broadway: she's better as a simple girl than a fast one. It's called The I Don't Care Girl.
      Elisa King, Connie's sister, remembered my taste for cactus and has given me a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with purple flowers. It is at Wimbledon at the moment, but I hope to bring it home in a day or so.
      Darling I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready. Oh dearest, I love you dearly, I adore you, gett well quick,
      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>6 ii 1953<br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter and the photographs. I am sorry they are not suitable
      for the newspaper: I should have thought of that. I think it a splended idea
      to send one to Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very
      good indeed, just what is needed. I will type it and send it to you in my next
      letter.<br/>Tiny seemds to have handled the reporter splendidly: good for her.
      I am glad that he liked your work, too. The business about ''the husband of
      the painter'' is very neatly contrived.<br/>I shall be only too glad to get
      Pengelly''s picture. I have not been to New Malden since I-don''t-know-when,
      it will be amusing to see the place with archtitectural-eyes.<br/>As you know,
      I saw C last night which was a great pleasure. He tells me that you have been
      really unwell (worse than I had quite realised form your letters). I am so unhappy
      to hear this but I am relieved that you are better now than you were. Thank
      goodness broncitis did not develop as was feared. It is so unusual for you to
      be ill like this and forced to remain in bed but I do think (''philosophy from
      the den'') that this enforced rest may do you good. C told me that you decided
      to finish Blacker before reading Harvey''s memoirs:<br/>poor, plucky cat.<br/>C
      took me to the Danish Restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I ate an amazing quantity
      of food: so much meat... It was delicious. I am afraid that it was expensive
      but you know how C is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have
      a drink afterwarts as he went off to see Hull-Walton. It was so nice to see
      him.<br/>I saw the musical about Eva Tanguay (''Pull down the gangway, Here
      comes Eva Tanguay'') and it has 3 interesting dances, one of them sensationally
      good. Mitzi Gaynor, however, was not so well ast as the Bloodhounds of Broadway:
      she''s better as a simple girl than a fast one. It''s called The I Don''t Care
      Girl.<br/>Elisa King, Connie''s sister, remembered my taste for cactus and has
      given me a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with purple flowers. It is at
      Wimbledon at the moment, but I hope to bring it home in a day or so.<br/>Darling
      I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready. Oh dearest, I love you dearly,
      I adore you, gett well quick,<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2254
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/e9d47f19-f560-4641-a083-8bcde6afd397.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9750776
    median_ratio: 0.9751875
    max_ratio: 0.9786744
    min_ratio: 0.9717416
    total_ratio: 4.8753882
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0347001
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0370861
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634402
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0060565
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 72439844
    workflow_version: '29.76'
    subject_ids: 13249707
    user_name: Infinicorn
    created_at: 1.506782e+09
    started_on: 1.5067809e+09
    ended_on: 1.506782e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/57.0.2987.133 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_014.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5064471e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.506782e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5067296e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1061.059
    minutes_annotating: 17.6843167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like
      Gecko) Chrome/57.0.2987.133 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '57'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2987'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      6 ii 1953

      My dearest Sylvia,

      Thank you so much for your letter and the photograph. I am
      sorry they are not suitable for the newspaper: I should have
      thought of that. I think it a splendid idea to send one to
      Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny in thinking very
      good indeed, just what is needed. I will type it and send it
      to you in my next letter.

      Tiny seems to have handled the reporter splendidly: good for
      her. I am glad that he liked your work, too. The business
      about 'the husband of the painter' is very neatly contrived.

      I shall be only too glad to get Pengelly's picture. I have
      not been to New Malden since I-don't-know-when, it will be
      amusing to see the place with architectural-eyes.

      As you know, I saw C last night which was a great pleasure.
      He tells me that you have been really unwell (worse than I
      had quite realised from your letters). I am so unhappy to
      hear this but I am relieved that you are better now than you
      were. Thank goodness bronchitis did not develop as was feared.
      It is so unusual for you to be ill like this and forced to
      remain in bed but I do think ('philosophy from the den') that
      this enforced rest may do you good. C told me that you de-
      cided to finish Blacker before reading Harvey's memoirs:
      poor, plucky cat.

      C took me to the Danish Restaurant - the 3 Vikings - and I
      ate an amazing quantity of food: so much meat... It was de-
      licious. I am afraid that it was expensive but you now how
      C is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have
      a drink afterwards as he went off to see Hull-Walton. It was
      so nice to see him.

      I saw the musical about Eva Tanguay ('Pull down the gangway,
      Here comes Eva Tanguay') and it has 3 interesting dances, one
      of them sensationally good. Mitzi Gaynor, however, was not
      so well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway: she's better as a
      simple girl than a fast one. It's called The I Don't Care Girl.

      Elsie King, Connie's sister, remembered my taste for cactus and
      has given me a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with purple
      flowers. It is at Wimbledon at the moment, but I hope to bring
      it home in a day or so.

      Darling I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready. Oh
      dearest, I love you dearly, I adore you, get well quick,
      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>6 ii 1953<br/><br/>My dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Thank
      you so much for your letter and the photograph. I am<br/>sorry they are not
      suitable for the newspaper: I should have<br/>thought of that. I think it a
      splendid idea to send one to<br/>Vogue with your letter which I agree with Tiny
      in thinking very<br/>good indeed, just what is needed. I will type it and send
      it<br/>to you in my next letter.<br/><br/>Tiny seems to have handled the reporter
      splendidly: good for<br/>her. I am glad that he liked your work, too. The business<br/>about
      ''the husband of the painter'' is very neatly contrived.<br/><br/>I shall be
      only too glad to get Pengelly''s picture. I have<br/>not been to New Malden
      since I-don''t-know-when, it will be<br/>amusing to see the place with architectural-eyes.<br/><br/>As
      you know, I saw C last night which was a great pleasure.<br/>He tells me that
      you have been really unwell (worse than I<br/>had quite realised from your letters).
      I am so unhappy to<br/>hear this but I am relieved that you are better now than
      you<br/>were. Thank goodness bronchitis did not develop as was feared.<br/>It
      is so unusual for you to be ill like this and forced to<br/>remain in bed but
      I do think (''philosophy from the den'') that<br/>this enforced rest may do
      you good. C told me that you de-<br/>cided to finish Blacker before reading
      Harvey''s memoirs:<br/>poor, plucky cat.<br/><br/>C took me to the Danish Restaurant
      - the 3 Vikings - and I<br/>ate an amazing quantity of food: so much meat...
      It was de-<br/>licious. I am afraid that it was expensive but you now how<br/>C
      is, he would not let me pay for anything, nor would he have<br/>a drink afterwards
      as he went off to see Hull-Walton. It was<br/>so nice to see him.<br/><br/>I
      saw the musical about Eva Tanguay (''Pull down the gangway,<br/>Here comes Eva
      Tanguay'') and it has 3 interesting dances, one<br/>of them sensationally good.
      Mitzi Gaynor, however, was not<br/>so well cast as in Bloodhounds of Broadway:
      she''s better as a<br/>simple girl than a fast one. It''s called The I Don''t
      Care Girl.<br/><br/>Elsie King, Connie''s sister, remembered my taste for cactus
      and<br/>has given me a handsome cactus, about a foot tall, with purple<br/>flowers.
      It is at Wimbledon at the moment, but I hope to bring<br/>it home in a day or
      so.<br/><br/>Darling I must fly and get the new Matisse lecture ready. Oh<br/>dearest,
      I love you dearly, I adore you, get well quick,<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2263
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/e9d47f19-f560-4641-a083-8bcde6afd397.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9893943
    median_ratio: 0.9924942
    max_ratio: 0.9982709
    min_ratio: 0.9775475
    total_ratio: 4.9469713
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0347001
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0370861
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0634402
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0060565
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b06_f02_014.jpg

---
