---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_036
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 66759748
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751507
    user_name: danar
    created_at: 1.5026975e+09
    started_on: 1.5026947e+09
    ended_on: 1.5026975e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_036.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5026975e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038446e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5026688e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 2761.023
    minutes_annotating: 46.01705
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      30 ix 1951

      Dearest Sylvia,
           I had a charming day yesterday.  John and Magda and I spent most of the afternoon and evening together.  Magda  was full of your praises, admiring your charm, liveliness, defining you as a real person among the shadows of the party.  She referred to you several times more than once during the day.  It was a great pleasure to hear you praised in this way:  you have made a fine impression on Magda.  John is anxious that you and Magda, he and I should have an evening out in the near future.  Would you like that:  Magda, John, and I  would very much.

           Magda, apart from financing John's kiln, is using her influence on his behalf, to get him sales and, perhaps, later an exhibition.  She is a kind of business associate, I quote...   So John will be able to work without too many worries for a time which I am glad of for things have been very difficult for him this year.  I need not add that John inquired most warmly after you, complaining again that I kept you so much to myself.

           Paul is coming to Blackheath today:  he will be able to see one or two new pictures by you which I know he will enjoy.

           By the way I think I should tell you of my lecture dates for the next two weeks.  They are as follows:  Chelmsford, 5th October;  Ipswich, 8th;  Haverhill, 12th;  Diss, 13th.  So I suppose really I cannot expect to see you quite yet.  Chalmsford is this week and the other three are the following week,  the week I hoped to see you again.  But as I shall be away three nights that is not much good, is it?

           I love you so much.  Oh I want a job so that I can be with you constantly.  I miss you so much, my muse,  my love, court painter, rose.  I wonder what you are doing now.  I place you in a misty early autumn landscape  (such as equals the weather on this Sunday morning),  elegant, adorable, active in the foreground.  Pett bells ringing in the distance.  Sun piercing the mist and opening like a heavy and slow fountain.

           I have an idea for an elegy  (golden bough-like) for the King and this country, attributing the decline of the latter to the impotence and illness of the former.  (I think it is the extension of your suggestions about Henry VIII which have been in my mind ever since you wrote.)

      I love you so much
      I love you
      [unclear]forever[/unclear]
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30 ix 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>     I
      had a charming day yesterday.  John and Magda and I spent most of the afternoon
      and evening together.  Magda  was full of your praises, admiring your charm,
      liveliness, defining you as a real person among the shadows of the party.  She
      referred to you several times more than once during the day.  It was a great
      pleasure to hear you praised in this way:  you have made a fine impression on
      Magda.  John is anxious that you and Magda, he and I should have an evening
      out in the near future.  Would you like that:  Magda, John, and I  would very
      much.<br/><br/>     Magda, apart from financing John''s kiln, is using her influence
      on his behalf, to get him sales and, perhaps, later an exhibition.  She is a
      kind of business associate, I quote...   So John will be able to work without
      too many worries for a time which I am glad of for things have been very difficult
      for him this year.  I need not add that John inquired most warmly after you,
      complaining again that I kept you so much to myself.<br/><br/>     Paul is coming
      to Blackheath today:  he will be able to see one or two new pictures by you
      which I know he will enjoy.<br/><br/>     By the way I think I should tell you
      of my lecture dates for the next two weeks.  They are as follows:  Chelmsford,
      5th October;  Ipswich, 8th;  Haverhill, 12th;  Diss, 13th.  So I suppose really
      I cannot expect to see you quite yet.  Chalmsford is this week and the other
      three are the following week,  the week I hoped to see you again.  But as I
      shall be away three nights that is not much good, is it?<br/><br/>     I love
      you so much.  Oh I want a job so that I can be with you constantly.  I miss
      you so much, my muse,  my love, court painter, rose.  I wonder what you are
      doing now.  I place you in a misty early autumn landscape  (such as equals the
      weather on this Sunday morning),  elegant, adorable, active in the foreground.  Pett
      bells ringing in the distance.  Sun piercing the mist and opening like a heavy
      and slow fountain.<br/><br/>     I have an idea for an elegy  (golden bough-like)
      for the King and this country, attributing the decline of the latter to the
      impotence and illness of the former.  (I think it is the extension of your suggestions
      about Henry VIII which have been in my mind ever since you wrote.)<br/><br/>I
      love you so much<br/>I love you<br/>forever'
    charcount: 2322
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/077a57a6-ef8c-49a1-8133-03310700c621.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9877316
    median_ratio: 0.9879241
    max_ratio: 0.9896789
    min_ratio: 0.9862385
    total_ratio: 4.9386581
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0422808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0343643
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0704514
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0269337
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67030806
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751507
    user_name: tinkapuppy
    created_at: 1.5028481e+09
    started_on: 1.5028471e+09
    ended_on: 1.5028484e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_036.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5026975e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038446e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5028416e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1311.691
    minutes_annotating: 21.8615167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n30 ix 1951\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n     I had a charming
      day yesterday, John and Magda and I\nspent most of the afternoon and evening
      together. Magda\nwas full of your praises, admiring your charm, liveliness,\ndefining
      you as a real person among the shadows of the\nparty. She referred to you several
      time more than once\nduring the day. It was a great pleasure to hear you\npraised
      in this way: you have made a fine impression on\nMagda. John is anxious that
      you and Magda, he and I should\nhave an evening out in the near future, Would
      you like\nthat: Magda, John, and I would very much.\n\n     Magda, apart from
      financing John's kiln, is using her influence on his behalf, to get him sales
      and, perhaps,\nlater an exhibition. She is a kind of business associate,\nI
      quote... So John will be able to work without too many\nworries for a time which
      I am glad of for things have been\nvery difficult for him this year. I need
      not add that\nJohn inquired most warmly after you, complaining again\nthat I
      kept you so much to myself.\n\n     Paul is coming to Blackheath today: he will
      be able to\nsee one or two new pictures by you which I know he will en-\njoy.\n\n
      \    By the way I think I should tell you of my lecture dates\nfor the next
      two weeks. They are as follows: Chelmsford,\n5th October; Ipswich, 8th; Haverhill,
      12th; Diss, 13th.\nSo I suppose really I cannot expect to see  you quite yet.\nChelmsford
      is this week and the other three are the follow-\ning week, the week i hoped
      to see you again. But as I shall\nbe away three nights that is not much good,
      is it?\n\nI love you so much. Oh I want a job so that I can be \nwith you constantly.
      I miss you so much, my muse, my love,\ncourt painter, rose. I wonder what you
      are doing now. I\nplace you in a misty early autumn landscape (such as equals\nthe
      weather on this Sunday morning), elegant, adorable, \nactive in the foreground.
      Pett bells ringing in the dis-\ntance. Sun piercing the mist and opening like
      a heavy and\nslow fountain.\n\n     I have an idea for an elegy (golden bough-like)
      for the\nKing and this country, attributing the decline of the lat-\nter to
      the impotence and illness of the former. (I think\nit is an extension of your
      suggestions about Henry VIII which\nhave been in my mind every since you wrote.)\n\nI
      love you so much\n(love you)\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30 ix 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>     I
      had a charming day yesterday, John and Magda and I<br/>spent most of the afternoon
      and evening together. Magda<br/>was full of your praises, admiring your charm,
      liveliness,<br/>defining you as a real person among the shadows of the<br/>party.
      She referred to you several time more than once<br/>during the day. It was a
      great pleasure to hear you<br/>praised in this way: you have made a fine impression
      on<br/>Magda. John is anxious that you and Magda, he and I should<br/>have an
      evening out in the near future, Would you like<br/>that: Magda, John, and I
      would very much.<br/><br/>     Magda, apart from financing John''s kiln, is
      using her influence on his behalf, to get him sales and, perhaps,<br/>later
      an exhibition. She is a kind of business associate,<br/>I quote... So John will
      be able to work without too many<br/>worries for a time which I am glad of for
      things have been<br/>very difficult for him this year. I need not add that<br/>John
      inquired most warmly after you, complaining again<br/>that I kept you so much
      to myself.<br/><br/>     Paul is coming to Blackheath today: he will be able
      to<br/>see one or two new pictures by you which I know he will en-<br/>joy.<br/><br/>     By
      the way I think I should tell you of my lecture dates<br/>for the next two weeks.
      They are as follows: Chelmsford,<br/>5th October; Ipswich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th;
      Diss, 13th.<br/>So I suppose really I cannot expect to see  you quite yet.<br/>Chelmsford
      is this week and the other three are the follow-<br/>ing week, the week i hoped
      to see you again. But as I shall<br/>be away three nights that is not much good,
      is it?<br/><br/>I love you so much. Oh I want a job so that I can be <br/>with
      you constantly. I miss you so much, my muse, my love,<br/>court painter, rose.
      I wonder what you are doing now. I<br/>place you in a misty early autumn landscape
      (such as equals<br/>the weather on this Sunday morning), elegant, adorable,
      <br/>active in the foreground. Pett bells ringing in the dis-<br/>tance. Sun
      piercing the mist and opening like a heavy and<br/>slow fountain.<br/><br/>     I
      have an idea for an elegy (golden bough-like) for the<br/>King and this country,
      attributing the decline of the lat-<br/>ter to the impotence and illness of
      the former. (I think<br/>it is an extension of your suggestions about Henry
      VIII which<br/>have been in my mind every since you wrote.)<br/><br/>I love
      you so much<br/>(love you)<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2293
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/077a57a6-ef8c-49a1-8133-03310700c621.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9870495
    median_ratio: 0.9873853
    max_ratio: 0.9874552
    min_ratio: 0.9856651
    total_ratio: 4.9352473
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0422808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0343643
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0704514
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0269337
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 67131683
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751507
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5029023e+09
    started_on: 1.502901e+09
    ended_on: 1.5029023e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_036.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5026975e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038446e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5028416e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1313.0699999
    minutes_annotating: 21.8845
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath 30 ix 1951 Dearest Sylvia,\nI had a charming day
      yesterday. John and Magda and I\nspent most of the afternoon and evening together.
      Magda\nwas full of your praises, admiring your charm, livliness,\ndefining you
      as a real person among the shadows of the\nparty. She referred to you several
      times more than once\nduring the day. It was a great pleasure to hear you\npraised
      in this way: you have made a fine impression on\nMagda. John is anxious that
      you and Magda, he and I should\nhave an evening out in the near future. Would
      you like\nthat: Magda, John, and I would very much.\n\nMagda, apart from financing
      John's kiln, is using her\ninfluence on his behalf, to get him sales and, perhaps,\nlater
      an exhibition. She is a kind of busines associate,\nI quote... So John will
      be able to work without too many\nworries for a time which I am glad of for
      things have been\nvery difficult for him this year. I need not add that\nJohn
      enquired most warmly after you, complaining again \nthat I kept you so much
      to myself.\n\nPaul is coming to Blackheath today: he will be able to\nsee one
      or two new pictures by you which I know he will en-\njoy.\n\nBy the way I think
      I should tell you of my lecture dates\nfor the next two weeks. They are as follows:
      Chelmsford,\n5th October; Ipswich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th; Diss, 13th.\nSo I suppose
      really I cannot expect to see you quite yet.\nChelmsford is this week and the
      other three are the follow-\ning week, the week I hoped to see you again. But
      as I shall\nbe away three nights that is not much good, is it?\n\nI love you
      so much. Oh I want a job so that I can be\nwith you constantly. I miss you so
      much, my muse, my love,\ncourt painter, rose. I wonder what you are doing now.
      I\nplace you ina misty early autumn landscape ( such as equals\nthe weather
      on this Sunday morning), elegant, adoreable,\nactive in the foreground. Pett
      bells ringing in the dis-\ntance. Sun piercing the mist and opening like a heavy
      and\nslow fountain.\n\nI have an idea for an elegy (golden bough-like) for the\nKing
      and this country, attributing the decline of the lat-\nter to the impotence
      and illness of the former. (I think\nit is an extension of your suggestions
      about Henry VIII which have been in my mind ever since you wrote.)\n\nI love
      you so much\nI love you\nLawrence\n\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath 30 ix 1951 Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I had a charming
      day yesterday. John and Magda and I<br/>spent most of the afternoon and evening
      together. Magda<br/>was full of your praises, admiring your charm, livliness,<br/>defining
      you as a real person among the shadows of the<br/>party. She referred to you
      several times more than once<br/>during the day. It was a great pleasure to
      hear you<br/>praised in this way: you have made a fine impression on<br/>Magda.
      John is anxious that you and Magda, he and I should<br/>have an evening out
      in the near future. Would you like<br/>that: Magda, John, and I would very much.<br/><br/>Magda,
      apart from financing John''s kiln, is using her<br/>influence on his behalf,
      to get him sales and, perhaps,<br/>later an exhibition. She is a kind of busines
      associate,<br/>I quote... So John will be able to work without too many<br/>worries
      for a time which I am glad of for things have been<br/>very difficult for him
      this year. I need not add that<br/>John enquired most warmly after you, complaining
      again <br/>that I kept you so much to myself.<br/><br/>Paul is coming to Blackheath
      today: he will be able to<br/>see one or two new pictures by you which I know
      he will en-<br/>joy.<br/><br/>By the way I think I should tell you of my lecture
      dates<br/>for the next two weeks. They are as follows: Chelmsford,<br/>5th October;
      Ipswich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th; Diss, 13th.<br/>So I suppose really I cannot
      expect to see you quite yet.<br/>Chelmsford is this week and the other three
      are the follow-<br/>ing week, the week I hoped to see you again. But as I shall<br/>be
      away three nights that is not much good, is it?<br/><br/>I love you so much.
      Oh I want a job so that I can be<br/>with you constantly. I miss you so much,
      my muse, my love,<br/>court painter, rose. I wonder what you are doing now.
      I<br/>place you ina misty early autumn landscape ( such as equals<br/>the weather
      on this Sunday morning), elegant, adoreable,<br/>active in the foreground. Pett
      bells ringing in the dis-<br/>tance. Sun piercing the mist and opening like
      a heavy and<br/>slow fountain.<br/><br/>I have an idea for an elegy (golden
      bough-like) for the<br/>King and this country, attributing the decline of the
      lat-<br/>ter to the impotence and illness of the former. (I think<br/>it is
      an extension of your suggestions about Henry VIII which have been in my mind
      ever since you wrote.)<br/><br/>I love you so much<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2267
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/077a57a6-ef8c-49a1-8133-03310700c621.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9860835
    median_ratio: 0.9862464
    max_ratio: 0.9885321
    min_ratio: 0.9814815
    total_ratio: 4.9304177
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0422808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0343643
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0704514
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0269337
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68189507
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751507
    user_name: jesseytucker
    created_at: 1.5036323e+09
    started_on: 1.5036315e+09
    ended_on: 1.5036323e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9000.87.2) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/56.0.2924.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_036.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5026975e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038446e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5036192e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 828.526
    minutes_annotating: 13.8087667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 9000.87.2) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/56.0.2924.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '56'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Chrome OS
    os.major: '9000'
    os.minor: '87'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '2924'
    os.patch: '2'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n20 ix 1951\nDearest Sylvia,\nI had a charming day
      yesterday.  John and Magda and I\nspent most of the afternoon and evening together.
      \ Magda\nwas full of your praises, admiring your charms, liveliness,\ndefining
      you as a real person among the shadows of the\nparty.  She referred to you several
      ties more than once\nduring the day.  It was a great pleasure to hear you\npraised
      in this way:  you have made a fine impression on\nMagda.  John is anxious that
      you and Magda, he and I should\nhave an evening out in the near future.  Would
      you like\nthat:  Magda, John, and I would very much.\n\nMagda, apart from financing
      John's kiln, is using her\ninfluence on his behalf, to get him sales and, perhaps\nlater
      an exhibition.  She is a kind of business associate,\nI quote...  So John will
      be able to work without too many\nworries for a time which I am glad of for
      things have been\nvery difficult for him this year.  I need not add that \nJohn
      inquired most warmly after you, complaining again\nthat I kept you so much to
      myself.\n\nPaul is coming to Blackheath today:  he will be able to\nsee one
      or two new pictures by you which I know he will en-\njoy.\n\nBy the way I think
      I should tell you of my lecture dates\nfor the next two weeks.  They are as
      follows:  Chelmsford,\n5th October; Ipswich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th; Diss, 13th.
      \nSo I suppose really I cannot expect to see you quite yet.\nChelmsford is this
      week and the other three are the follow-\nin week, the week I hoped to see you
      again.  But as I shall\nbe away three nights that is not much good, is it?\n\nI
      love you so much.  Oh I want a job so that I can be\nwith you constantly.  I
      miss you so much, my muse, my love,\ncourt painter, rose.  I wonder what you
      are doing now.  I\nplace you in a misty early autumn landscape (such as equals\nthe
      weather on this Sunday morning), elegant, adorable,\nactive in the foreground.
      \ Pett bells ringing in the dis-\ntance.  Sun piercing the mist and opening
      like a heavy and\nslow fountain.\n\nI have an idea for an elegy ([unclear][/unclear]
      bough-like) for the\nKing and this country, attributing the decline of the lat-\nter
      to the impotence and illnes of the former.  (I think\nit is an extension of
      your suggestions about Henry VIII which"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>20 ix 1951<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>I had
      a charming day yesterday.  John and Magda and I<br/>spent most of the afternoon
      and evening together.  Magda<br/>was full of your praises, admiring your charms,
      liveliness,<br/>defining you as a real person among the shadows of the<br/>party.  She
      referred to you several ties more than once<br/>during the day.  It was a great
      pleasure to hear you<br/>praised in this way:  you have made a fine impression
      on<br/>Magda.  John is anxious that you and Magda, he and I should<br/>have
      an evening out in the near future.  Would you like<br/>that:  Magda, John, and
      I would very much.<br/><br/>Magda, apart from financing John''s kiln, is using
      her<br/>influence on his behalf, to get him sales and, perhaps<br/>later an
      exhibition.  She is a kind of business associate,<br/>I quote...  So John will
      be able to work without too many<br/>worries for a time which I am glad of for
      things have been<br/>very difficult for him this year.  I need not add that
      <br/>John inquired most warmly after you, complaining again<br/>that I kept
      you so much to myself.<br/><br/>Paul is coming to Blackheath today:  he will
      be able to<br/>see one or two new pictures by you which I know he will en-<br/>joy.<br/><br/>By
      the way I think I should tell you of my lecture dates<br/>for the next two weeks.  They
      are as follows:  Chelmsford,<br/>5th October; Ipswich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th;
      Diss, 13th. <br/>So I suppose really I cannot expect to see you quite yet.<br/>Chelmsford
      is this week and the other three are the follow-<br/>in week, the week I hoped
      to see you again.  But as I shall<br/>be away three nights that is not much
      good, is it?<br/><br/>I love you so much.  Oh I want a job so that I can be<br/>with
      you constantly.  I miss you so much, my muse, my love,<br/>court painter, rose.  I
      wonder what you are doing now.  I<br/>place you in a misty early autumn landscape
      (such as equals<br/>the weather on this Sunday morning), elegant, adorable,<br/>active
      in the foreground.  Pett bells ringing in the dis-<br/>tance.  Sun piercing
      the mist and opening like a heavy and<br/>slow fountain.<br/><br/>I have an
      idea for an elegy ( bough-like) for the<br/>King and this country, attributing
      the decline of the lat-<br/>ter to the impotence and illnes of the former.  (I
      think<br/>it is an extension of your suggestions about Henry VIII which'
    charcount: 2195
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/077a57a6-ef8c-49a1-8133-03310700c621.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.963515
    median_ratio: 0.9631972
    max_ratio: 0.9678899
    min_ratio: 0.9598624
    total_ratio: 4.8175751
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0422808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0343643
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0704514
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0269337
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68370562
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751507
    user_name: not-logged-in-bc23d7a56897136b214c
    created_at: 1.5038079e+09
    started_on: 1.5037322e+09
    ended_on: 1.5038079e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_036.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5026975e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038446e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.503792e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 75686.796
    minutes_annotating: 1261.4466
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.101 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "[unclear][/unclear]Blackheath\n30 ix 1951\n\nDearest Sylvia,
      \nI had a charming day yesterday. John and Magda and I spent most of the afternoon
      and evening together. Magda was full of your praises, admiring your charm, liveliness,
      defining you as a real person among the shadows of the party. She referred to
      you several times more than once during the day. It was great pleasure to hear
      you praised in this way: you have made a fine impression on Magda. John is anxious
      that you and Magda, he and I should have an evening out in the near future.
      Would you like that: Magda, John, and I would very much.\n\nMagda, apart from
      financing John's kiln, is using her influence on his behalf, to get him sales
      and, perhaps, later an exhibition. She is a kind of business associate, I quote...
      So John will be able to work without too many worries for a time which I am
      glad of for things have been very difficult for him this year. I need not add
      that John inquired most warmly after you, complaining again that I kept you
      so much to myself.\n\nPaul is coming to Blackheath today: he will be able to
      see one or two new pictures by you which I know he will en-\njoy.\n\nBy the
      way I think I should tell you of my lecture dates for the next two weeks.  They
      are as follows: Chelmsford, 5th October; Ipawich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th; Diss,
      13th. So I suppose really I cannot expect to see you quite yet. Chelmsford is
      this week and the other three are the follow-\ning week, the week I hoped to
      see you again. But as I shall be away three nights is not much good, is it?\n\nI
      love you so much. Oh I want a job so that I can be with you constantly. I miss
      you so much, my muse, my love, court painter, rose. I wonder what you are doing
      now. I place you in a misty early autumn landscape (such as equals the weather
      on this Sunday [unclear]morning),[/unclear] elegant, adorable, active in the
      foreground. Pett bells ringing in the dis-\ntance. Sun piercing the mist and
      opening like a heavy and slow fountain. \n\nI have an idea for an elegy (golden
      bough-like) for the King and this country attributing the decline of the lat-\nter
      to the impotence and illness of the former. ( I think it is an extension of
      your suggestions about Henry VIII which have been in my mind ever sine you wrote.)
      \n\nI love you so much\nI love you Lawrence "
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30 ix 1951<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia, <br/>I
      had a charming day yesterday. John and Magda and I spent most of the afternoon
      and evening together. Magda was full of your praises, admiring your charm, liveliness,
      defining you as a real person among the shadows of the party. She referred to
      you several times more than once during the day. It was great pleasure to hear
      you praised in this way: you have made a fine impression on Magda. John is anxious
      that you and Magda, he and I should have an evening out in the near future.
      Would you like that: Magda, John, and I would very much.<br/><br/>Magda, apart
      from financing John''s kiln, is using her influence on his behalf, to get him
      sales and, perhaps, later an exhibition. She is a kind of business associate,
      I quote... So John will be able to work without too many worries for a time
      which I am glad of for things have been very difficult for him this year. I
      need not add that John inquired most warmly after you, complaining again that
      I kept you so much to myself.<br/><br/>Paul is coming to Blackheath today: he
      will be able to see one or two new pictures by you which I know he will en-<br/>joy.<br/><br/>By
      the way I think I should tell you of my lecture dates for the next two weeks.  They
      are as follows: Chelmsford, 5th October; Ipawich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th; Diss,
      13th. So I suppose really I cannot expect to see you quite yet. Chelmsford is
      this week and the other three are the follow-<br/>ing week, the week I hoped
      to see you again. But as I shall be away three nights is not much good, is it?<br/><br/>I
      love you so much. Oh I want a job so that I can be with you constantly. I miss
      you so much, my muse, my love, court painter, rose. I wonder what you are doing
      now. I place you in a misty early autumn landscape (such as equals the weather
      on this Sunday morning), elegant, adorable, active in the foreground. Pett bells
      ringing in the dis-<br/>tance. Sun piercing the mist and opening like a heavy
      and slow fountain. <br/><br/>I have an idea for an elegy (golden bough-like)
      for the King and this country attributing the decline of the lat-<br/>ter to
      the impotence and illness of the former. ( I think it is an extension of your
      suggestions about Henry VIII which have been in my mind ever sine you wrote.)
      <br/><br/>I love you so much<br/>I love you Lawrence '
    charcount: 2262
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/077a57a6-ef8c-49a1-8133-03310700c621.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9839127
    median_ratio: 0.9845183
    max_ratio: 0.9862385
    min_ratio: 0.9814815
    total_ratio: 4.9195637
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0422808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0343643
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0704514
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0269337
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 68392416
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11751507
    user_name: JanetCormack
    created_at: 1.5038446e+09
    started_on: 1.5036772e+09
    ended_on: 1.5038446e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_036.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5026975e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5038446e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.503792e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 167334.6540003
    minutes_annotating: 2788.9109
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      30 ix 51

      Dearest Sylvia
      I had a charming day yesterday. John and Magda and I spent most of the afternoon and evening together. Maga was full of your praises, admiring your charm, liveliness, defining you as a real person among the shadows of of the party. She referred to you several times more than once during the day. It was a great pleasure to hear you praised in this way: you have made a fine impression on Magda. John is anxious that you and Magda, he and I should have an evening out in the near future. Would you like that: Magda, John, and I would very much.
      Magda, apart from financing John's kiln, is using her influence on his behalf, to get him sales and, perhaps, later an exhibition. She is a kind of business associate, I quote .... So john will be able to work without too many worries for a time which I am glad of for things have been very difficult for his this year. I need not add that John enquired most warmly after you, complaining again that I kept you so much to myself.
      Paul is coming to Blackheath today: he will be able to see one or two new pictures by you which I know he will enjoy.
      By the way I think i should tell you of my lecture dates for the next two weeks. They are as follows: Chelmsford, 5th October; Ipswich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th: Diss, 13th. So I suppose really I cannot expect to see you quite yet. Chelmsford is this week and the other three are the following week, the week I hoped to see you again. But as I shall be away three nights that is not much good, is it?
      I love you so much. Oh I want a job so that I can be with you constantly. I miss you so much, my muse, my love, court painter, rose. I wonder what you are doing now. I place you in a misty early autumn landscape (such as equals the weather on this Sunday morning), elegant, adorable, active in the foreground. Pett bells ringing in the distance. Sun piercing the mist and opening like a heavy and slow fountain.
      I have an idea for an elegy (golden bough-like) for the King and this country, attributing the decline of the latter to the impotence and illness of the former. (I think it is an extension of your suggestions about Henry VIII which have been in my mind ever since you wrote.)
      I love you so much
      I love you
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>30 ix 51<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia<br/>I had
      a charming day yesterday. John and Magda and I spent most of the afternoon and
      evening together. Maga was full of your praises, admiring your charm, liveliness,
      defining you as a real person among the shadows of of the party. She referred
      to you several times more than once during the day. It was a great pleasure
      to hear you praised in this way: you have made a fine impression on Magda. John
      is anxious that you and Magda, he and I should have an evening out in the near
      future. Would you like that: Magda, John, and I would very much.<br/>Magda,
      apart from financing John''s kiln, is using her influence on his behalf, to
      get him sales and, perhaps, later an exhibition. She is a kind of business associate,
      I quote .... So john will be able to work without too many worries for a time
      which I am glad of for things have been very difficult for his this year. I
      need not add that John enquired most warmly after you, complaining again that
      I kept you so much to myself.<br/>Paul is coming to Blackheath today: he will
      be able to see one or two new pictures by you which I know he will enjoy.<br/>By
      the way I think i should tell you of my lecture dates for the next two weeks.
      They are as follows: Chelmsford, 5th October; Ipswich, 8th; Haverhill, 12th:
      Diss, 13th. So I suppose really I cannot expect to see you quite yet. Chelmsford
      is this week and the other three are the following week, the week I hoped to
      see you again. But as I shall be away three nights that is not much good, is
      it?<br/>I love you so much. Oh I want a job so that I can be with you constantly.
      I miss you so much, my muse, my love, court painter, rose. I wonder what you
      are doing now. I place you in a misty early autumn landscape (such as equals
      the weather on this Sunday morning), elegant, adorable, active in the foreground.
      Pett bells ringing in the distance. Sun piercing the mist and opening like a
      heavy and slow fountain.<br/>I have an idea for an elegy (golden bough-like)
      for the King and this country, attributing the decline of the latter to the
      impotence and illness of the former. (I think it is an extension of your suggestions
      about Henry VIII which have been in my mind ever since you wrote.)<br/>I love
      you so much<br/>I love you<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2252
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/077a57a6-ef8c-49a1-8133-03310700c621.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9852707
    median_ratio: 0.9851003
    max_ratio: 0.9891055
    min_ratio: 0.9802867
    total_ratio: 4.9263533
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0422808
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0343643
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0704514
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0269337
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b04_f09_036.jpg

---
