---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_005
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65456747
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284756
    user_name: BronteAlcott
    created_at: 1.5016909e+09
    started_on: 1.5016895e+09
    ended_on: 1.5016909e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.2.5
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.1 Safari/603.2.5
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016909e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022766e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1447.2449999
    minutes_annotating: 24.12075
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/603.2.5
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.1 Safari/603.2.5
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '1'
    os.patch: '6'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "3\n\nA woman yesterday told me that her father had seen Holman
      Hunt work.  'For hours', she added feeling that I was insufficiently impressed.
      \ Of course I was unimpressed.  Hadn't I the day before been talking to the
      sister of the late Charles Sims.  Ah, the delirious memories she roused (like
      sluggish bubbles in a [unclear] swamp[/unclear] whose appearance on the surface
      & consequent bursting cannot dispel the scum): Ricketts, Shannon.  'Yes', I
      agree, 'an artist is often unappreciated in his own life-time'.\n\nA man, a
      farm labourer, looked at the Braque & said it was like a picture by someone
      who had been to [sic] 'the horrors of drink.' 'The horrors of drink,' he repeated
      hoarsely when I demurred.\n\nBack at The Aubreys 'human nature' is to be seen,
      also.  I believe I mentioned a three-footed dwarf & her husband as fellow guests.
      \ The other day in the sunshine they came to sit in the garden & I was not far
      off.  She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering her contemptible wisp of
      a husband about.  He got her a chair.  She sat in it & and then querulously
      asked for another.  Her husband put down his paper, got up, & got another chair
      for her.  She sat there for a minute.  Then she sent John upstairs for a rug.
      \ Muffled in this she began to knit &, of course, dropped the ball of wool which
      ran away despite her harsh discordant exclamations of anger.  Then she told
      John she would be more comfortable in the shelter of the house; would he help
      her to move nearer.  She was placed up against the wall.  She settled down,
      pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted her glasses, got ready to knit when
      — 'John.  John,  I'm wet' she cried, struggling in the chair.  And, indeed,
      water was overflowing from the gutter in precise, demure drops . . . \n\nI feel
      like the poor girl in the film of The First Gentleman who didn't want to go
      to Holland & hated the Dutch.  I am becoming unreasonably antagonistic to the
      Dutch vision:  my former indifference is hardened into dislike."
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '3<br/><br/>A woman yesterday told me that her father had
      seen Holman Hunt work.  ''For hours'', she added feeling that I was insufficiently
      impressed.  Of course I was unimpressed.  Hadn''t I the day before been talking
      to the sister of the late Charles Sims.  Ah, the delirious memories she roused
      (like sluggish bubbles in a  swamp whose appearance on the surface & consequent
      bursting cannot dispel the scum): Ricketts, Shannon.  ''Yes'', I agree, ''an
      artist is often unappreciated in his own life-time''.<br/><br/>A man, a farm
      labourer, looked at the Braque & said it was like a picture by someone who had
      been to [sic] ''the horrors of drink.'' ''The horrors of drink,'' he repeated
      hoarsely when I demurred.<br/><br/>Back at The Aubreys ''human nature'' is to
      be seen, also.  I believe I mentioned a three-footed dwarf & her husband as
      fellow guests.  The other day in the sunshine they came to sit in the garden
      & I was not far off.  She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering her contemptible
      wisp of a husband about.  He got her a chair.  She sat in it & and then querulously
      asked for another.  Her husband put down his paper, got up, & got another chair
      for her.  She sat there for a minute.  Then she sent John upstairs for a rug.  Muffled
      in this she began to knit &, of course, dropped the ball of wool which ran away
      despite her harsh discordant exclamations of anger.  Then she told John she
      would be more comfortable in the shelter of the house; would he help her to
      move nearer.  She was placed up against the wall.  She settled down, pulled
      the rug to the right shape, adjusted her glasses, got ready to knit when - ''John.  John,  I''m
      wet'' she cried, struggling in the chair.  And, indeed, water was overflowing
      from the gutter in precise, demure drops . . . <br/><br/>I feel like the poor
      girl in the film of The First Gentleman who didn''t want to go to Holland &
      hated the Dutch.  I am becoming unreasonably antagonistic to the Dutch vision:  my
      former indifference is hardened into dislike.'
    charcount: 1971
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/20166565-a3a3-4ab0-9f07-b5a5721f312a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9343924
    median_ratio: 0.9385194
    max_ratio: 0.9490566
    min_ratio: 0.9092616
    total_ratio: 4.6719622
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0957571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1004919
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1601942
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0355846
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65549670
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284756
    user_name: nltrose
    created_at: 1.5017275e+09
    started_on: 1.5017253e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017275e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_5) AppleWebKit/603.2.4
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.1 Safari/603.2.4
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016909e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022766e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2182.5810001
    minutes_annotating: 36.37635
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_5) AppleWebKit/603.2.4
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.1.1 Safari/603.2.4
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '1'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '1'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "  3\n     A woman yesterday told me that her father had seen
      [unclear]Molman[/unclear]\nHunt work.  \"For hours\", she added feeling that
      I was insufficiently\n impressed.  Of course I was unimpressed.  Hadn't I the
      day before \nbeen talking to the sister of the late Charles [unclear]Sims[/unclear].
      \ Ah, the delirious\nmemories she raised (like sluggish bubbles in a sump [unclear]would[unclear]appear
      -\nonce on the surface & consequent bursting cannot dispel the scum):\nRichetts,
      Shannon.  \"Yes, I agreed,\" an artist is often unappreciated in his own life-time?\n
      \     A man, a farm laborer, looked at the Brogue & said it was \nlike a picture
      by someone who had been to [sic] \"the horrors of drink\".\n\"The horrors of
      drink\", he repeated hoarsely when I demurred.\n     Back at The Aubreys \"human
      nature\" is to be seen, also.  I\nbelieve I mentioned a three-footed dwarf &
      her husband or fellow\nguests.  The other day in the sunshine they cane to sit
      in the garden\n& I was not far off.  She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering
      her \ncontemptible wisp of a husband about.  He got her a chair.  She sat in\nit
      [unclear]by son querellously[/unclear] asked for another.  Her husband put down
      his \npaper, got up, & got another chair for her.  She sat there for a minute.
      \ Then she\nsent John upstairs for a rug.  Muffled in this she began to knit
      [unclear]o[/unclear] of\ncourse, dropped the ball of wool which ran away despite
      her harsh \ndiscordant exclamations of anger.  Then she told John she would
      \nbe more comfortable in the [unclear]shelter[/unclear] of the house; would
      he help her to\nmove  nearer.  She was placed against the wall.  She settled\ndown,
      pulled the rug to the right slope, adjusted her glasses, got \nready to knit
      when - \"John\", she cried \"John is it raining?\"\nHe looked at the impeccable
      sky.  \"John, John, I am wet\" she\ncried, struggling in the chair.  And, indeed,
      water was overflowing from the gutter\nin precise, demure drops...\n\n     I
      feel like the poor girl in the film of The First Gentle-\nman who didn't want
      to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.\nEverybody who comes here exclaims - \"oh,
      I like the Dutch\".\nI am becoming unreasonably antagonist to the Dutch [unclear]nation/unclear]:\nmy
      former indifference is hardened into dislike.\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 8
    clean_transcription: '  3<br/>     A woman yesterday told me that her father had
      seen Molman<br/>Hunt work.  "For hours", she added feeling that I was insufficiently<br/>
      impressed.  Of course I was unimpressed.  Hadn''t I the day before <br/>been
      talking to the sister of the late Charles Sims.  Ah, the delirious<br/>memories
      she raised (like sluggish bubbles in a sump wouldappear -<br/>once on the surface
      & consequent bursting cannot dispel the scum):<br/>Richetts, Shannon.  "Yes,
      I agreed," an artist is often unappreciated in his own life-time?<br/>      A
      man, a farm laborer, looked at the Brogue & said it was <br/>like a picture
      by someone who had been to [sic] "the horrors of drink".<br/>"The horrors of
      drink", he repeated hoarsely when I demurred.<br/>     Back at The Aubreys "human
      nature" is to be seen, also.  I<br/>believe I mentioned a three-footed dwarf
      & her husband or fellow<br/>guests.  The other day in the sunshine they cane
      to sit in the garden<br/>& I was not far off.  She is a compulsive bitch, given
      to ordering her <br/>contemptible wisp of a husband about.  He got her a chair.  She
      sat in<br/>it by son querellously asked for another.  Her husband put down his
      <br/>paper, got up, & got another chair for her.  She sat there for a minute.  Then
      she<br/>sent John upstairs for a rug.  Muffled in this she began to knit o of<br/>course,
      dropped the ball of wool which ran away despite her harsh <br/>discordant exclamations
      of anger.  Then she told John she would <br/>be more comfortable in the shelter
      of the house; would he help her to<br/>move  nearer.  She was placed against
      the wall.  She settled<br/>down, pulled the rug to the right slope, adjusted
      her glasses, got <br/>ready to knit when - "John", she cried "John is it raining?"<br/>He
      looked at the impeccable sky.  "John, John, I am wet" she<br/>cried, struggling
      in the chair.  And, indeed, water was overflowing from the gutter<br/>in precise,
      demure drops...<br/><br/>     I feel like the poor girl in the film of The First
      Gentle-<br/>man who didn''t want to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.<br/>Everybody
      who comes here exclaims - "oh, I like the Dutch".<br/>I am becoming unreasonably
      antagonist to the Dutch nation/unclear]:<br/>my former indifference is hardened
      into dislike.<br/>'
    charcount: 2128
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/20166565-a3a3-4ab0-9f07-b5a5721f312a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9453265
    median_ratio: 0.9491844
    max_ratio: 0.9534591
    min_ratio: 0.9316186
    total_ratio: 4.7266325
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0957571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1004919
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1601942
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0355846
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65602914
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284756
    user_name: srasg56
    created_at: 1.5017656e+09
    started_on: 1.5017642e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017655e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016909e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022766e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1367.2609999
    minutes_annotating: 22.7876833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "3\nA woman yesterday told me that her father had seen Holman\nHunt
      work.  'For hours', she added feeling that I was insufficiently\nimpressed.
      \ Of course I was unimpressed.  Hadn't I the day before \nbeen talking to the
      sister of the late Charles Sims.  Ah the delirious\nmemories she roused (like
      sluggish bubbles in a sump whose appear-\nance on the surface & consequent bursting
      cannot dispell the scum):\n[unclear]Picketts[/unclear], Shannon.  'Yes', I agreed,
      'an artist is often unappreciated\nin his own life-time?\n\nA man, a farm labourer,
      looked at the Braque [unclear]&[/unclear] said it was\nlike a picture by someone
      who had been to [sic] 'the horrors of drink'.\n'The horrors of drink', he repeated
      hoarsely when I demurred.\n\nBack at the Aubreys 'human nature' is to be seen,
      also.  I\nbelieve I mentioned a three-footed dwarf & her husband as fellow\nguests.
      \ The other day in the sunshine they came to sit in the garden\n& I was not
      far off. She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering her\ncontemptible wisp
      of a husband about.  He got her a chair.  She sat in\nit & then querulously
      asked for another.  Her husband put down his\npaper, got up, & got another chair
      for her. She sat there for a minute.  Then she\nsent John upstairs for a rug.
      \ Muffled in this she began to knit &, of\ncourse, dropped the ball of wool
      which ran away despite her harsh\ndiscordant exclamations of anger.  Then she
      told John she would\nbe more comfortable in the shelter of the house; would
      he help her to\nmove nearer.  She was placed up against the wall.  She settled\ndown,
      pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted her glasses, got \nready to knit
      when - 'John', she cried 'John, is it raining?'\nHe looked at the impeccable
      sky. 'John, John, I'm wet' she\ncried, struggling in the chair\nAnd, indeed,
      water was overflowing from the gutter\nin precise, demure, drops...\n\nI feel
      like the poor girl in the film of The First Gentle-\nman who didn't want to
      go to Holland & hated the Dutch.\nEverybody who comes here exclaims - 'Oh I
      like the Dutch'.\nI am becoming unreasonably antagonistic to the Dutch  [unclear]ninion[/unclear]:\nMy
      former indifference is hardened into dislike. \n"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 3
    clean_transcription: 3<br/>A woman yesterday told me that her father had seen
      Holman<br/>Hunt work.  'For hours', she added feeling that I was insufficiently<br/>impressed.  Of
      course I was unimpressed.  Hadn't I the day before <br/>been talking to the
      sister of the late Charles Sims.  Ah the delirious<br/>memories she roused (like
      sluggish bubbles in a sump whose appear-<br/>ance on the surface & consequent
      bursting cannot dispell the scum):<br/>Picketts, Shannon.  'Yes', I agreed,
      'an artist is often unappreciated<br/>in his own life-time?<br/><br/>A man,
      a farm labourer, looked at the Braque & said it was<br/>like a picture by someone
      who had been to [sic] 'the horrors of drink'.<br/>'The horrors of drink', he
      repeated hoarsely when I demurred.<br/><br/>Back at the Aubreys 'human nature'
      is to be seen, also.  I<br/>believe I mentioned a three-footed dwarf & her husband
      as fellow<br/>guests.  The other day in the sunshine they came to sit in the
      garden<br/>& I was not far off. She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering
      her<br/>contemptible wisp of a husband about.  He got her a chair.  She sat
      in<br/>it & then querulously asked for another.  Her husband put down his<br/>paper,
      got up, & got another chair for her. She sat there for a minute.  Then she<br/>sent
      John upstairs for a rug.  Muffled in this she began to knit &, of<br/>course,
      dropped the ball of wool which ran away despite her harsh<br/>discordant exclamations
      of anger.  Then she told John she would<br/>be more comfortable in the shelter
      of the house; would he help her to<br/>move nearer.  She was placed up against
      the wall.  She settled<br/>down, pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted
      her glasses, got <br/>ready to knit when - 'John', she cried 'John, is it raining?'<br/>He
      looked at the impeccable sky. 'John, John, I'm wet' she<br/>cried, struggling
      in the chair<br/>And, indeed, water was overflowing from the gutter<br/>in precise,
      demure, drops...<br/><br/>I feel like the poor girl in the film of The First
      Gentle-<br/>man who didn't want to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.<br/>Everybody
      who comes here exclaims - 'Oh I like the Dutch'.<br/>I am becoming unreasonably
      antagonistic to the Dutch  ninion:<br/>My former indifference is hardened into
      dislike. <br/>
    charcount: 2095
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/20166565-a3a3-4ab0-9f07-b5a5721f312a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9724649
    median_ratio: 0.9805521
    max_ratio: 0.9855346
    min_ratio: 0.9486859
    total_ratio: 4.8623245
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0957571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1004919
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1601942
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0355846
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65669939
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284756
    user_name: k.h.pot
    created_at: 1.5017967e+09
    started_on: 1.5017962e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017967e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016909e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022766e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 577.5220003
    minutes_annotating: 9.6253667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 8.1
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "3\nA woman yesterday told me that her father had seen Holman\nHunt
      work. 'For hours.' she added feeling that I was insufficiently\nimpressed. Of
      course I was unimpressed. Hadn't I the day before\nbeen talking to the sister
      of the late Charles Sims. Ah, the delirious\nmemories she roused (like sluggish
      bubbles in a sump whose appear-\nance on the surface & consequent bursting cannot
      dispel the scum):\nRichetts, Shannon. 'Yes', I agreed, 'an artist is often unappreciated
      in his own life time.'\n\nA man, a farm labourer, looked at the Broque & said
      it was\nlike a picture by someone who had been to [sic] 'the horrors of drink'.
      \n'The horrors of drink,' he repeated hoarsely when I demurred.\n\nBack at The
      Aubreys 'human nature' is to be seen, also. I \nbelieve I mentioned a three-footed
      dwarf & her husband as fellow\nguests. The other day in the sunshine they came
      to sit in the garden\n& I was not far off. She is a compulsive bitch, given
      to ordering her\ncontemptible wisp of a husband about. He got her a chair. She
      sat in\nit & then querulously asked for another. Her husband put down his\npaper,
      got up, & got another chair for her. She sat there for a minute. Then she \nsent
      John upstairs for a rug. Muffled in this she began to knit &, of \ncourse, dropped
      the ball of wool which ran away despite her harsh\ndiscordant exclamations of
      anger. Then she told John she would\nbe more comfortable in the shelter of the
      house; would he help her to\nmove nearer. She was placed up against the wall.
      She settled \ndown, pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted her [unclear]glams[/unclear],
      got\nready to knit when - 'John', she cried 'John, is it raining?'\nHe looked
      at the impeccable sky. 'John, John, I'm wet' she\ncried, struggling in the chair.
      \nAnd, indeed, water was overflowing from the gutter\nin precise, demure drops
      ...\n\nI feel like the poor girl in the film of The First Gentle-\nman who didn't
      want to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.\nEverybody who comes here exclaims
      - 'Oh I like the Dutch'.\nI am becoming unreasonably antagonistic to the Dutch
      vision: \nmy former indifference is hardened into dislike."
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '3<br/>A woman yesterday told me that her father had seen
      Holman<br/>Hunt work. ''For hours.'' she added feeling that I was insufficiently<br/>impressed.
      Of course I was unimpressed. Hadn''t I the day before<br/>been talking to the
      sister of the late Charles Sims. Ah, the delirious<br/>memories she roused (like
      sluggish bubbles in a sump whose appear-<br/>ance on the surface & consequent
      bursting cannot dispel the scum):<br/>Richetts, Shannon. ''Yes'', I agreed,
      ''an artist is often unappreciated in his own life time.''<br/><br/>A man, a
      farm labourer, looked at the Broque & said it was<br/>like a picture by someone
      who had been to [sic] ''the horrors of drink''. <br/>''The horrors of drink,''
      he repeated hoarsely when I demurred.<br/><br/>Back at The Aubreys ''human nature''
      is to be seen, also. I <br/>believe I mentioned a three-footed dwarf & her husband
      as fellow<br/>guests. The other day in the sunshine they came to sit in the
      garden<br/>& I was not far off. She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering
      her<br/>contemptible wisp of a husband about. He got her a chair. She sat in<br/>it
      & then querulously asked for another. Her husband put down his<br/>paper, got
      up, & got another chair for her. She sat there for a minute. Then she <br/>sent
      John upstairs for a rug. Muffled in this she began to knit &, of <br/>course,
      dropped the ball of wool which ran away despite her harsh<br/>discordant exclamations
      of anger. Then she told John she would<br/>be more comfortable in the shelter
      of the house; would he help her to<br/>move nearer. She was placed up against
      the wall. She settled <br/>down, pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted
      her glams, got<br/>ready to knit when - ''John'', she cried ''John, is it raining?''<br/>He
      looked at the impeccable sky. ''John, John, I''m wet'' she<br/>cried, struggling
      in the chair. <br/>And, indeed, water was overflowing from the gutter<br/>in
      precise, demure drops ...<br/><br/>I feel like the poor girl in the film of
      The First Gentle-<br/>man who didn''t want to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.<br/>Everybody
      who comes here exclaims - ''Oh I like the Dutch''.<br/>I am becoming unreasonably
      antagonistic to the Dutch vision: <br/>my former indifference is hardened into
      dislike.'
    charcount: 2082
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/20166565-a3a3-4ab0-9f07-b5a5721f312a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.970822
    median_ratio: 0.9761606
    max_ratio: 0.9836786
    min_ratio: 0.9505632
    total_ratio: 4.8541099
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0957571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1004919
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1601942
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0355846
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 65799355
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284756
    user_name: not-logged-in-858456110ecb60407a3a
    created_at: 1.5018945e+09
    started_on: 1.5018931e+09
    ended_on: 1.5018945e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016909e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022766e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1336.391
    minutes_annotating: 22.2731833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      3

           A woman yesterday told me that her father had seen [unclear]Marnman Huntward[/unclear].   'For hours' she added feeling that I was insufficiently impressed.  Of course I was unimpressed.  Hadn't I the day before been talking to the sister of the late Charles Sims.  Ah, the delirious memories she roused (like sluggish bubbles in a sump where appearance on the surface & consequent bursting cannot dispell the scum):  Pichetts, Shannon. 'Yes', I agreed, 'an artist is often unappreciated in his own life-time'.

           A man, a farm labourer, looked at the Braque & said it was like a picture by someone who had been to [sic] 'the horrors of drink.'  'The horrors of drink', he repeated hoarsely when I demurred.

           Back at the Aubreys 'human nature' is to be seen, also.  I believe I mentioned a three-footed dwarf & her husband as fellow guests.  The other day in the sunshine they came to sit in the garden & I was not far off.  She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering her contemptible wisp of a husband about.  He got her a chair.  She sat in it & then querellously asked for another.  Her husband put down his paper, got up, & got another chair for her.  She sat there for a minute.  Then she sent John upstairs for a rug.  Muffled in this she began to knit &, of course, dropped the ball of wool which ran away despite her harsh discordant exclamations of anger.  Then she told John she would be more comfortable in the shelter of the house; would he help her to move nearer.  She was placed up against the wall.  She settled down, pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted her glasses, got ready to knit when - 'John', she cried 'John, is it raining?'  He looked at the impeccable sky.  'John, John, I'm wet' she cried, struggling in the chair.  And, indeed, water was overflowing from the gutter in precise, demure drops ...

           I feel like the poor girl in the film of The First Gentleman who didn't want to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.  Everybody who come here exclaims - 'Oh, I like the Dutch'.  I am becoming unreasonably antagonistic to the Dutch vision:  my former indifference is hardened into dislike.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '3<br/><br/>     A woman yesterday told me that her father
      had seen Marnman Huntward.   ''For hours'' she added feeling that I was insufficiently
      impressed.  Of course I was unimpressed.  Hadn''t I the day before been talking
      to the sister of the late Charles Sims.  Ah, the delirious memories she roused
      (like sluggish bubbles in a sump where appearance on the surface & consequent
      bursting cannot dispell the scum):  Pichetts, Shannon. ''Yes'', I agreed, ''an
      artist is often unappreciated in his own life-time''.<br/><br/>     A man, a
      farm labourer, looked at the Braque & said it was like a picture by someone
      who had been to [sic] ''the horrors of drink.''  ''The horrors of drink'', he
      repeated hoarsely when I demurred.<br/><br/>     Back at the Aubreys ''human
      nature'' is to be seen, also.  I believe I mentioned a three-footed dwarf &
      her husband as fellow guests.  The other day in the sunshine they came to sit
      in the garden & I was not far off.  She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering
      her contemptible wisp of a husband about.  He got her a chair.  She sat in it
      & then querellously asked for another.  Her husband put down his paper, got
      up, & got another chair for her.  She sat there for a minute.  Then she sent
      John upstairs for a rug.  Muffled in this she began to knit &, of course, dropped
      the ball of wool which ran away despite her harsh discordant exclamations of
      anger.  Then she told John she would be more comfortable in the shelter of the
      house; would he help her to move nearer.  She was placed up against the wall.  She
      settled down, pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted her glasses, got ready
      to knit when - ''John'', she cried ''John, is it raining?''  He looked at the
      impeccable sky.  ''John, John, I''m wet'' she cried, struggling in the chair.  And,
      indeed, water was overflowing from the gutter in precise, demure drops ...<br/><br/>     I
      feel like the poor girl in the film of The First Gentleman who didn''t want
      to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.  Everybody who come here exclaims - ''Oh,
      I like the Dutch''.  I am becoming unreasonably antagonistic to the Dutch vision:  my
      former indifference is hardened into dislike.'
    charcount: 2120
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/20166565-a3a3-4ab0-9f07-b5a5721f312a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9659151
    median_ratio: 0.9712951
    max_ratio: 0.9792844
    min_ratio: 0.9468085
    total_ratio: 4.8295755
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0957571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1004919
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1601942
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0355846
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  - classification_id: 66199594
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284756
    user_name: SailorVal
    created_at: 1.5022766e+09
    started_on: 1.5022731e+09
    ended_on: 1.5022766e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5016909e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5022766e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5022368e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 3503.3799999
    minutes_annotating: 58.3896667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |
      3
      A woman told me yesterday that her father had seen Holman
      Hunt work. 'For hours', she added feeling that I was insufficiently
      impressed. Of course I was unimpressed. Hadn't I the day before
      been talking to the sister of the lat Charlie Sims. Ah, the delirious
      memories she roused (like sluggish bubbles in a sump whose appear-
      ance on the surface & consequent bursting cannot dispel the scum):
      Ricketts, Shannon. 'Yes', I agreed,' an artist is often unappreciated
      in his own life-time'.
      A man, a farm labourer, looked at the Braque & said it was
      like a picture by someone who had been to [sic] 'the horrors of drink'.
      'The horrors of drink', he repeated hoarsley when I demurred.
      Back at The [unclear]Sudneys[/unclear] 'human nature' is to be seen, also. I
      believe I mentioned a [unclear]three-footed derang[/unclear] & her husband as fellow
      guests. The other day in the sunshine they came to sit in the garden
      & I was not far off. She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering her
      contemptible wisp of a husband about. He got her a chair. She sat in
      it & then querellously asked for another. Her husband put down his
      paper, got up, & got another chair for her. She sat there for a minute. Then she
      sent John upstairs for a rug. Muffled in this, she began to knit &, of
      course, dropped the ball of wool which ran away despite her loud
      discordant exclamations of anger. Then she told John she would
      be more comfortable in the shelter of the house; would he help her to
      move nearer. She was placed up against the wall, She settled
      down, pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted her glasses, got
      ready to knit when - 'John', she cried 'John, is it raining?'
      He looked at the impeccable sky. 'John, John, I'm wet', she
      cried, struggling in the chair.
      And, indeed, water was overflowing from the gutter
      in precise, demure, drops...
      I feel like the poor girl in the film of The First Gentle-
      man who didn't want to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.
      Everybody who comes here exclaims - 'Oh I like the Dutch'.
      I am becoming unreasonably antagonistic to the Dutch visitors:
      my former indifference is hardened into dislike.
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 2
    clean_transcription: 3<br/>A woman told me yesterday that her father had seen
      Holman<br/>Hunt work. 'For hours', she added feeling that I was insufficiently<br/>impressed.
      Of course I was unimpressed. Hadn't I the day before<br/>been talking to the
      sister of the lat Charlie Sims. Ah, the delirious<br/>memories she roused (like
      sluggish bubbles in a sump whose appear-<br/>ance on the surface & consequent
      bursting cannot dispel the scum):<br/>Ricketts, Shannon. 'Yes', I agreed,' an
      artist is often unappreciated<br/>in his own life-time'.<br/>A man, a farm labourer,
      looked at the Braque & said it was<br/>like a picture by someone who had been
      to [sic] 'the horrors of drink'.<br/>'The horrors of drink', he repeated hoarsley
      when I demurred.<br/>Back at The Sudneys 'human nature' is to be seen, also.
      I<br/>believe I mentioned a three-footed derang & her husband as fellow<br/>guests.
      The other day in the sunshine they came to sit in the garden<br/>& I was not
      far off. She is a compulsive bitch, given to ordering her<br/>contemptible wisp
      of a husband about. He got her a chair. She sat in<br/>it & then querellously
      asked for another. Her husband put down his<br/>paper, got up, & got another
      chair for her. She sat there for a minute. Then she<br/>sent John upstairs for
      a rug. Muffled in this, she began to knit &, of<br/>course, dropped the ball
      of wool which ran away despite her loud<br/>discordant exclamations of anger.
      Then she told John she would<br/>be more comfortable in the shelter of the house;
      would he help her to<br/>move nearer. She was placed up against the wall, She
      settled<br/>down, pulled the rug to the right shape, adjusted her glasses, got<br/>ready
      to knit when - 'John', she cried 'John, is it raining?'<br/>He looked at the
      impeccable sky. 'John, John, I'm wet', she<br/>cried, struggling in the chair.<br/>And,
      indeed, water was overflowing from the gutter<br/>in precise, demure, drops...<br/>I
      feel like the poor girl in the film of The First Gentle-<br/>man who didn't
      want to go to Holland & hated the Dutch.<br/>Everybody who comes here exclaims
      - 'Oh I like the Dutch'.<br/>I am becoming unreasonably antagonistic to the
      Dutch visitors:<br/>my former indifference is hardened into dislike.<br/>
    charcount: 2079
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/20166565-a3a3-4ab0-9f07-b5a5721f312a.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9532147
    median_ratio: 0.9586115
    max_ratio: 0.9623352
    min_ratio: 0.9286608
    total_ratio: 4.7660734
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0957571
    median_dissimilarity: 0.1004919
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1601942
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0355846
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.0e+00
    majority_vote: no
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f04_005.jpg

---
