---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f02_005
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65497625
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284674
    user_name: ChrisMM76
    created_at: 1.5017044e+09
    started_on: 1.5017034e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017044e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f02_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017044e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5017875e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1070.895
    minutes_annotating: 17.84825
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2 ii 1949     Blackheath\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nRest assured
      I will be discreet and I do hope that you\nwill not add to your anxieties by
      such fears.  Your sug-\ngestion about Skipp is one I had already reached.  Have\nno
      worry here and ascribe to Danylion the courteous im-\npregnable reserve of the
      Cortegiano.\n\nI enclose two drawing - of masterpieces of Caroline\nportraiture
      - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual\nVan Dyck.  They are among the
      new exhibits at the Maritime\nMuseum.  I looking in there yesterday when I went
      to change\nmy address on the ration book.  (I find incidentally that\nyou can
      exist forever on emergency cards so that will help\nyou when you come here except
      for the points which we can give\nMrs Gardiner loose, I think.)  But to return
      to the pictures - \nthey are magnificent and would, even in the N.G. be of\ndazzling
      quality.  I cannot wait for you to see them.\n\nI have booked seats for Machiavelli's
      comedy at the Mercury for the 16th.  I know nothing of the plot but I\nam sure
      it must be enchanting.  Incidentally my father is\ngetting the Phaidon biography
      of Lucretia for me (trade price) - that\npromises to be fascinating.  With all
      it shortcomings ,\nand some of them are offensive, the Rahael is teaching me\na
      great deal.  There are one or two Giorgione asides\nwhich may interest you.
      \ while I study Roman you \nare reading Venetian art:  how I look forward to\nreading
      your article!\n\nOne can make one's own tea here so that is pleasantly\nuseful.
      \ Mrs Gardiner's attitude is a reasonable one and\nwee seem to getting on alright.
      \ I mean the afternoon\nmeal by 'tea' so it is cheap and fills in the gap.  Dandy-\nlion
      had two meat meals yesterday you will be glad to hear\nand lots of tomatoes.\n\nI
      hope you painted yesterday, and again today.  Give \nme all news.  the two sections
      of our Epithalamion are\ncalled The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the
      Bride-\ngroom.\n\nWould it be possible for you to lend me two clothing coup-\nons?
      \ I have hardly any socks and could thus buy a stout\npair.  I'm sorry to ask
      you but I can repay you soon and\nthe need is urgent.  Mother is very stern
      and won't part\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '2 ii 1949     Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Rest
      assured I will be discreet and I do hope that you<br/>will not add to your anxieties
      by such fears.  Your sug-<br/>gestion about Skipp is one I had already reached.  Have<br/>no
      worry here and ascribe to Danylion the courteous im-<br/>pregnable reserve of
      the Cortegiano.<br/><br/>I enclose two drawing - of masterpieces of Caroline<br/>portraiture
      - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual<br/>Van Dyck.  They are among
      the new exhibits at the Maritime<br/>Museum.  I looking in there yesterday when
      I went to change<br/>my address on the ration book.  (I find incidentally that<br/>you
      can exist forever on emergency cards so that will help<br/>you when you come
      here except for the points which we can give<br/>Mrs Gardiner loose, I think.)  But
      to return to the pictures - <br/>they are magnificent and would, even in the
      N.G. be of<br/>dazzling quality.  I cannot wait for you to see them.<br/><br/>I
      have booked seats for Machiavelli''s comedy at the Mercury for the 16th.  I
      know nothing of the plot but I<br/>am sure it must be enchanting.  Incidentally
      my father is<br/>getting the Phaidon biography of Lucretia for me (trade price)
      - that<br/>promises to be fascinating.  With all it shortcomings ,<br/>and some
      of them are offensive, the Rahael is teaching me<br/>a great deal.  There are
      one or two Giorgione asides<br/>which may interest you.  while I study Roman
      you <br/>are reading Venetian art:  how I look forward to<br/>reading your article!<br/><br/>One
      can make one''s own tea here so that is pleasantly<br/>useful.  Mrs Gardiner''s
      attitude is a reasonable one and<br/>wee seem to getting on alright.  I mean
      the afternoon<br/>meal by ''tea'' so it is cheap and fills in the gap.  Dandy-<br/>lion
      had two meat meals yesterday you will be glad to hear<br/>and lots of tomatoes.<br/><br/>I
      hope you painted yesterday, and again today.  Give <br/>me all news.  the two
      sections of our Epithalamion are<br/>called The Wishes of the Bride and The
      Wishes of the Bride-<br/>groom.<br/><br/>Would it be possible for you to lend
      me two clothing coup-<br/>ons?  I have hardly any socks and could thus buy a
      stout<br/>pair.  I''m sorry to ask you but I can repay you soon and<br/>the
      need is urgent.  Mother is very stern and won''t part<br/>'
    charcount: 2126
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a03256a-0bb9-4d06-a818-35b41f5e94ad.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9145451
    median_ratio: 0.9151414
    max_ratio: 0.9186497
    min_ratio: 0.9065109
    total_ratio: 4.5727255
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0552702
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0322368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1313066
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65501608
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284674
    user_name: cryanster
    created_at: 1.5017059e+09
    started_on: 1.501705e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017059e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f02_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017044e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5017875e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.501632e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 992.7409999
    minutes_annotating: 16.5456833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_10_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '10'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2 iii 1949 Blackheath\nDearest Sylvia, \n\nRest assured I will
      be discreet and I do hope that you will not add to your anxieties by such fears.
      Your suggestion about Skipp is one i had already reached. Have no worry here
      and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous im-pregnable reserve of the Cortegiano.\n\nI
      enclose two drawings -- of masterpieces of [unclear]Caroline[/unclear] portraiture
      -- a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual Van Dyek. They are among the
      new exhibits at the Maritime Museum. I looked in there yesterday when I went
      to change my address on the ration book. (I find incidentally that you can exist
      forever on emergency cards so that will help you when you come here except for
      points which we can give loose, I think.) But to return to the pictures -- they
      are magnificent and would, even in the N.G. be of dazzling quality. I cannot
      wait for you to see them.\n\nI have booked seats for Machiavelli's comedy at
      the Mercury for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I am sure it must be
      enchanting. Incidentally my father is getting the Phaidon biography of Lucretia
      for me -- that promises to be fascinating. With all it shortcomings, and some
      of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching me a great deal. There are one
      or two Giorgione asides which may interest you. While I study Roman you are
      reading Venetian art: how I look forward to reading your article!\n\nOne can
      make one's own tea here so that is pleasantly useful. Mrs Gardiner's attitude
      is a reasonable one and we seem to be getting on alright. I mean the afternoon
      meal by 'tea' so it is cheap and fills in the gap. Dandy-lion had two meat meals
      yesterday you will be glad to hear and lots of tomatoes. \n\nI hope you painted
      yesterday, and again today. Give me all news. The two sections of our Epithalamion
      are called The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the Bride-groom.\n\nWould
      it be possible for you to lend me two clothing coup-ons? I have hardly any socks
      and could thus buy a stout pair. I am sorry to ask you but I can repay you soon
      and the need is urgent. Mother is very stern and won't part with any more. I
      hope to buy a few cheaply soon.\nMeanwhile...\n\nI hope you are sleeping well;
      take care of yourself, my dearest. I love you very much more than I can say
      in words, in prose anyway. Sylvia, I love you.\n\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: '2 iii 1949 Blackheath<br/>Dearest Sylvia, <br/><br/>Rest
      assured I will be discreet and I do hope that you will not add to your anxieties
      by such fears. Your suggestion about Skipp is one i had already reached. Have
      no worry here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous im-pregnable reserve of
      the Cortegiano.<br/><br/>I enclose two drawings -- of masterpieces of Caroline
      portraiture -- a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual Van Dyek. They are
      among the new exhibits at the Maritime Museum. I looked in there yesterday when
      I went to change my address on the ration book. (I find incidentally that you
      can exist forever on emergency cards so that will help you when you come here
      except for points which we can give loose, I think.) But to return to the pictures
      -- they are magnificent and would, even in the N.G. be of dazzling quality.
      I cannot wait for you to see them.<br/><br/>I have booked seats for Machiavelli''s
      comedy at the Mercury for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I am sure
      it must be enchanting. Incidentally my father is getting the Phaidon biography
      of Lucretia for me -- that promises to be fascinating. With all it shortcomings,
      and some of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching me a great deal. There
      are one or two Giorgione asides which may interest you. While I study Roman
      you are reading Venetian art: how I look forward to reading your article!<br/><br/>One
      can make one''s own tea here so that is pleasantly useful. Mrs Gardiner''s attitude
      is a reasonable one and we seem to be getting on alright. I mean the afternoon
      meal by ''tea'' so it is cheap and fills in the gap. Dandy-lion had two meat
      meals yesterday you will be glad to hear and lots of tomatoes. <br/><br/>I hope
      you painted yesterday, and again today. Give me all news. The two sections of
      our Epithalamion are called The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the Bride-groom.<br/><br/>Would
      it be possible for you to lend me two clothing coup-ons? I have hardly any socks
      and could thus buy a stout pair. I am sorry to ask you but I can repay you soon
      and the need is urgent. Mother is very stern and won''t part with any more.
      I hope to buy a few cheaply soon.<br/>Meanwhile...<br/><br/>I hope you are sleeping
      well; take care of yourself, my dearest. I love you very much more than I can
      say in words, in prose anyway. Sylvia, I love you.<br/><br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2296
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a03256a-0bb9-4d06-a818-35b41f5e94ad.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9824534
    median_ratio: 0.9839157
    max_ratio: 0.9872717
    min_ratio: 0.9749542
    total_ratio: 4.912267
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0552702
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0322368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1313066
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65564213
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284674
    user_name: LauraFD
    created_at: 1.5017387e+09
    started_on: 1.5017376e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017387e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.11; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f02_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017044e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5017875e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1090.006
    minutes_annotating: 18.1667667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.11; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '11'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2 ii 1949 Blackheath\nDearest Sylvia,\nRest assured I will be
      discreet and I do hope that you \nwill not add to your anxieties by such fears.
      Your sug-\ngestion about Skipp is one I had already reached. Have\nno worry
      here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous im-\npregnable reserve of the Cortegiano.
      \nI enclose two drawings - of masterpieces of Caroline\nportraiture - a Dobson,
      in fine condition, and an unusual\nVan Dyck. They are among the new exhibits
      at the Maritime\nMuseum. I looked in there yesterday when I went to change\nmy
      address on the ration book. (I find incidentally that\nyou can exist forever
      on emergency cards so that will help\nyou when you come here except for points
      which we can give\nMrs. Gardiner loose, I think.) But to return to the pictures
      -\nthey are magnificent and would, even in the N.G. be of\ndazzling quality.
      I cannot wait for you to see them.\nI have booked seats for Machiavelli's comedy
      at the \nMercury for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I \nam sure it
      must be enchanting. Incidentally my father is\ngetting the Phaidon biography
      of Lucretia for me (trade price) - that\npromises to be fascinating. With all
      its shortcomings,\nand some of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching me\na
      great deal. There are one or two Giorgione asides\nwhich may interest you. While
      I study Roman you\nare reading Venetian art: how I look forward to \nreading
      your article!\nOne can make one's own tea here so that is pleasantly\nuseful.
      Mrs. Gardiner's attitude is a reasonable one and\nwe seem to be getting on alright.
      I mean the afternoon\nmeal by 'tea' so it is cheap and fills in the gap. Dandy-\nlion
      had two meat meals yesterday you will be glad to hear\nand lots of tomatoes.\nI
      hope you painted yesterday, and again today. Give\nme all news. The two sections
      of our Epithalamion are\ncalled The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the
      Bride-\ngroom.\nWould it be possible for you to lend me two clothing coup-\nons?
      I have hardly any socks and could thus buy a stout\npair. I am sorry to ask
      you but I can repay you soon and\nthe need is urgent. Mother is very stern and
      won't part\nwith any more. I hope to buy a few cheaply soon.\nMeanwhile...\nI
      hope you are sleeping well; take care of yourself,\nmy dearest. I love you very
      much more than I can say in\nwords, in prose anyway. Sylvia, I love you,\nLawrence\n\n"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '2 ii 1949 Blackheath<br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Rest assured
      I will be discreet and I do hope that you <br/>will not add to your anxieties
      by such fears. Your sug-<br/>gestion about Skipp is one I had already reached.
      Have<br/>no worry here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous im-<br/>pregnable
      reserve of the Cortegiano. <br/>I enclose two drawings - of masterpieces of
      Caroline<br/>portraiture - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual<br/>Van
      Dyck. They are among the new exhibits at the Maritime<br/>Museum. I looked in
      there yesterday when I went to change<br/>my address on the ration book. (I
      find incidentally that<br/>you can exist forever on emergency cards so that
      will help<br/>you when you come here except for points which we can give<br/>Mrs.
      Gardiner loose, I think.) But to return to the pictures -<br/>they are magnificent
      and would, even in the N.G. be of<br/>dazzling quality. I cannot wait for you
      to see them.<br/>I have booked seats for Machiavelli''s comedy at the <br/>Mercury
      for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I <br/>am sure it must be enchanting.
      Incidentally my father is<br/>getting the Phaidon biography of Lucretia for
      me (trade price) - that<br/>promises to be fascinating. With all its shortcomings,<br/>and
      some of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching me<br/>a great deal. There
      are one or two Giorgione asides<br/>which may interest you. While I study Roman
      you<br/>are reading Venetian art: how I look forward to <br/>reading your article!<br/>One
      can make one''s own tea here so that is pleasantly<br/>useful. Mrs. Gardiner''s
      attitude is a reasonable one and<br/>we seem to be getting on alright. I mean
      the afternoon<br/>meal by ''tea'' so it is cheap and fills in the gap. Dandy-<br/>lion
      had two meat meals yesterday you will be glad to hear<br/>and lots of tomatoes.<br/>I
      hope you painted yesterday, and again today. Give<br/>me all news. The two sections
      of our Epithalamion are<br/>called The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of
      the Bride-<br/>groom.<br/>Would it be possible for you to lend me two clothing
      coup-<br/>ons? I have hardly any socks and could thus buy a stout<br/>pair.
      I am sorry to ask you but I can repay you soon and<br/>the need is urgent. Mother
      is very stern and won''t part<br/>with any more. I hope to buy a few cheaply
      soon.<br/>Meanwhile...<br/>I hope you are sleeping well; take care of yourself,<br/>my
      dearest. I love you very much more than I can say in<br/>words, in prose anyway.
      Sylvia, I love you,<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>'
    charcount: 2324
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a03256a-0bb9-4d06-a818-35b41f5e94ad.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9922888
    median_ratio: 0.9932811
    max_ratio: 1.0
    min_ratio: 0.9859499
    total_ratio: 4.9614439
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0552702
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0322368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1313066
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65621980
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284674
    user_name: SilverSeadog
    created_at: 1.5017761e+09
    started_on: 1.5017738e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017761e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f02_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017044e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5017875e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2310.0120001
    minutes_annotating: 38.5002
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      2 11 1949  Blackheath

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Rest assured I will be discrete and I hope that you will not add to your anxieties by such fears. Your suggestion about Skipp is one I had already reached. Have no worry here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous impregnable reserve of Cortegiano.

      I enclose two drawings - of masterpieces of Caroline portraiture - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual Van Dyck. They are among the new exhibits at the Maritime Museum. I looked in there yesterday when I went to change my address on the ration book. (I find incidentally that you can exist forever on emergency cards so that will help you when you come here except for points which we can give sardines loose, I think.) But to return to the pictures - they are magnificent and would, even in the N.G. be of dazzling quality. I cannot wait for you to see them.

      I have booked seats for Machiavelli's comedy at the Mercury for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I am sure it must be enchanting. Incidently my father is gettingthe Phaidon biography of Lucretia for me trade price - that promises to be fascinating. With all its shortcomings, and some of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching me a great deal. There are one or two Giorgione asides which may interest you. While I study Roman you are reading Venetian art: how I Look forward to reading your article.

      One can make one's own tea here so that is pleasantly useful. Mrs Gardiner's attitude is a reasonable one and we seem to be getting on alright. I mean the afternoon meal by 'tea' so it is cheap and fills in the gap. Dandylion had two meat meals yesterday you will be glad to hear and lots of tomatoes.

      I hope you painted yesterday, and again today. Give me all news. The two sections of our Epithalamion are called The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the Bridegroom.

      Would it be possible for you to lend me two clothing coupons? I have hardly any socks and could thus buy a stout pair. I am sorry to ask you but I can repay you soon and the need is urgent. Mother is very stern and won't part with any more. I hope to buy a few cheaply soon. Meanwhile...

      I hope you are sleeping well; take care of yourself, my dearest. I love you very much more than I can say in words, in prose anyway. Sylvia I love you,
      Lawrence
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '2 11 1949  Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Rest
      assured I will be discrete and I hope that you will not add to your anxieties
      by such fears. Your suggestion about Skipp is one I had already reached. Have
      no worry here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous impregnable reserve of
      Cortegiano.<br/><br/>I enclose two drawings - of masterpieces of Caroline portraiture
      - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual Van Dyck. They are among the new
      exhibits at the Maritime Museum. I looked in there yesterday when I went to
      change my address on the ration book. (I find incidentally that you can exist
      forever on emergency cards so that will help you when you come here except for
      points which we can give sardines loose, I think.) But to return to the pictures
      - they are magnificent and would, even in the N.G. be of dazzling quality. I
      cannot wait for you to see them.<br/><br/>I have booked seats for Machiavelli''s
      comedy at the Mercury for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I am sure
      it must be enchanting. Incidently my father is gettingthe Phaidon biography
      of Lucretia for me trade price - that promises to be fascinating. With all its
      shortcomings, and some of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching me a great
      deal. There are one or two Giorgione asides which may interest you. While I
      study Roman you are reading Venetian art: how I Look forward to reading your
      article.<br/><br/>One can make one''s own tea here so that is pleasantly useful.
      Mrs Gardiner''s attitude is a reasonable one and we seem to be getting on alright.
      I mean the afternoon meal by ''tea'' so it is cheap and fills in the gap. Dandylion
      had two meat meals yesterday you will be glad to hear and lots of tomatoes.<br/><br/>I
      hope you painted yesterday, and again today. Give me all news. The two sections
      of our Epithalamion are called The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the
      Bridegroom.<br/><br/>Would it be possible for you to lend me two clothing coupons?
      I have hardly any socks and could thus buy a stout pair. I am sorry to ask you
      but I can repay you soon and the need is urgent. Mother is very stern and won''t
      part with any more. I hope to buy a few cheaply soon. Meanwhile...<br/><br/>I
      hope you are sleeping well; take care of yourself, my dearest. I love you very
      much more than I can say in words, in prose anyway. Sylvia I love you,<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2297
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a03256a-0bb9-4d06-a818-35b41f5e94ad.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9845355
    median_ratio: 0.9860022
    max_ratio: 0.9894853
    min_ratio: 0.9743433
    total_ratio: 4.9226773
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0552702
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0322368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1313066
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65634020
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284674
    user_name: cshepherd
    created_at: 1.5017807e+09
    started_on: 1.5017795e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017807e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f02_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017044e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5017875e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1223.3370001
    minutes_annotating: 20.38895
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2 ii 1949 Blackheath\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nRest assured I will
      be discreet and I do hope that you \nwill not add to your anxieties by such
      fears. Your sug-\ngestion about Skipp is one I had already reached. Have \nno
      worry here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous im-\npregnable reserve of
      the Cortegiano.\n\nI enclose two drawings - of masterpieces of Caroline \nportraiture
      - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual \nVan Dyck. They are among the
      new exhibits at the Maritime \nMuseum. I looked in there yesterday when I went
      to change \nmy address on the ration book. (I find incidentally that \nyou can
      exist forever on emergency cards so that will help\nyou when you come here except
      for points which we can give \nMrs Gardiner loose, I think.) But to return to
      the pictures - \nthey are magnificent and would, even in the N.G. be of \ndazzling
      quality. I cannot wait for you to see them.\n\nI have booked seats for Machiavelli's
      comedy at the \nMercury for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I \nam
      sure it must be enchanting. Incidentally my father is \ngetting the Phaidon
      biography of Lucretia for me (trade price) - that \npromises to be fascinating.
      With all its shortcomings, \nand some of them are offensive, the Raphael is
      teaching me \na great deal. There are one or two Giorgione asides \nwhich may
      interest you. While I study Roman you \nare reading Venetian art: how I look
      forward to\nreading your article!\n\nOne can make one's own tea here so that
      is pleasantly \nuseful. Mrs Gardiner's attitude is a reasonable one and \nwe
      seem to be getting on alright. I mean the afternoon \nmeal by 'tea' so it is
      cheap and fills in the gap. Dandy-\nlion had two meat meals yesterday you will
      be glad to hear \nand lots of tomatoes.\n\nI hope you painted yesterday, and
      again today. Give \nme all news. The two sections of our Epithalamion are \ncalled
      The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the Bride-\ngroom. \n\nWould it be
      possible for you to lend me two clothing coup-\nons? I have hardly any socks
      and could thus buy a stout \npair. I am sorry to ask you but I can repay you
      soon and \nthe need is urgent. Mother is very stern and won't part \nwith any
      more. I hope to buy a few cheaply soon. \nMeanwhile...\n\nI hope you are sleeping
      well; take care of yourself,\nmy dearest. I love you very much more than I can
      say in \nwords, in prose anyway. Sylvia, I love you,\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '2 ii 1949 Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Rest
      assured I will be discreet and I do hope that you <br/>will not add to your
      anxieties by such fears. Your sug-<br/>gestion about Skipp is one I had already
      reached. Have <br/>no worry here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous im-<br/>pregnable
      reserve of the Cortegiano.<br/><br/>I enclose two drawings - of masterpieces
      of Caroline <br/>portraiture - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual <br/>Van
      Dyck. They are among the new exhibits at the Maritime <br/>Museum. I looked
      in there yesterday when I went to change <br/>my address on the ration book.
      (I find incidentally that <br/>you can exist forever on emergency cards so that
      will help<br/>you when you come here except for points which we can give <br/>Mrs
      Gardiner loose, I think.) But to return to the pictures - <br/>they are magnificent
      and would, even in the N.G. be of <br/>dazzling quality. I cannot wait for you
      to see them.<br/><br/>I have booked seats for Machiavelli''s comedy at the <br/>Mercury
      for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I <br/>am sure it must be enchanting.
      Incidentally my father is <br/>getting the Phaidon biography of Lucretia for
      me (trade price) - that <br/>promises to be fascinating. With all its shortcomings,
      <br/>and some of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching me <br/>a great
      deal. There are one or two Giorgione asides <br/>which may interest you. While
      I study Roman you <br/>are reading Venetian art: how I look forward to<br/>reading
      your article!<br/><br/>One can make one''s own tea here so that is pleasantly
      <br/>useful. Mrs Gardiner''s attitude is a reasonable one and <br/>we seem to
      be getting on alright. I mean the afternoon <br/>meal by ''tea'' so it is cheap
      and fills in the gap. Dandy-<br/>lion had two meat meals yesterday you will
      be glad to hear <br/>and lots of tomatoes.<br/><br/>I hope you painted yesterday,
      and again today. Give <br/>me all news. The two sections of our Epithalamion
      are <br/>called The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the Bride-<br/>groom.
      <br/><br/>Would it be possible for you to lend me two clothing coup-<br/>ons?
      I have hardly any socks and could thus buy a stout <br/>pair. I am sorry to
      ask you but I can repay you soon and <br/>the need is urgent. Mother is very
      stern and won''t part <br/>with any more. I hope to buy a few cheaply soon.
      <br/>Meanwhile...<br/><br/>I hope you are sleeping well; take care of yourself,<br/>my
      dearest. I love you very much more than I can say in <br/>words, in prose anyway.
      Sylvia, I love you,<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2353
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a03256a-0bb9-4d06-a818-35b41f5e94ad.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9922888
    median_ratio: 0.9932811
    max_ratio: 1.0
    min_ratio: 0.9859499
    total_ratio: 4.9614439
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0552702
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0322368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1313066
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65648843
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11284674
    user_name: SaraEliz
    created_at: 1.5017875e+09
    started_on: 1.5017862e+09
    ended_on: 1.5017875e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.10; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f02_005.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5017044e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5017875e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5017184e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1264.1740003
    minutes_annotating: 21.0695667
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.10; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '10'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "2  ii  1949    Blackheath\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nRest assured
      I will be discreet and I do hope that you\nwill not add to your anxieties by
      such fears. Your suggestion\nabout Skipp is one I had already reached. Have\nno
      worry here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous impregnable\nreserve of the
      Cortegiano.\n\nI enclose two drawings - of masterpieces of Caroline\nportraiture
      - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual\nVan Dyck. They are among the
      new exhibits at the Maritime\nMuseum. I looked in there yesterday when I went
      to change \nmy address on the ration book. (I find incidentally that\nyou can
      exist forever on emergency cards so that will help\nyou when you come here except
      for points which we can give\nMrs Gardiner loose, I think.) But to return to
      the pictures - \nthey are magnificient and would, even in the N.G. be of\ndazzling
      quality.  I cannot wait for you to see them.\n\nI have boked seats for Machiavelli's
      comedy at the \nMercury for the 16th. I know nothing of the plot but I \nam
      sure it must be enchanting. Incidentally my father is \ngetting the Phaidon
      biography of Lucretia for me (trade price) - that\npromises to be fascinating.
      With all it shortcomings, \nand some of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching
      me\na great deal. There are one or two Giorgione asides\nwhich may interest
      you. While I study Roman you \nare reading Venetian art: how I look forward
      to \nreading your article!\n\nOne can make one's own tea here so that is pleasaantly\nuseful.
      Mrs Gardiner's attitude is a reasonable one and\nwe seem to be getting on alright.
      I mean the afternoon\nmeal by 'tea' so it is cheap and fills in the gap. Dandylion\nhad
      two meals yesterday you will be glad to hear\nand lots of tomatoes.\n\nI hope
      you painted yesterday, and again today. Give\nme all news. The two sections
      of our Epithalamion are\ncalled The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of the
      Bridegroom.\n\nWould it be possible for you to lend me two clothing coupons?\nI
      have hardly any socks and could thus buy a stout\npair. I am sorry to ask you
      but I can repay you soon and\nthe need is urgent. Mother is very stern and won't
      part\nwith any more. I hope to buy a few cheaply soon.\nMeanwhile ...\nI hope
      you are sleeping well; take care of yourself,\nmy dearest. I love you very much
      more than I can say in\nwords, in prose anyway. Sylvia, I love you,\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: '2  ii  1949    Blackheath<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Rest
      assured I will be discreet and I do hope that you<br/>will not add to your anxieties
      by such fears. Your suggestion<br/>about Skipp is one I had already reached.
      Have<br/>no worry here and ascribe to Dandylion the courteous impregnable<br/>reserve
      of the Cortegiano.<br/><br/>I enclose two drawings - of masterpieces of Caroline<br/>portraiture
      - a Dobson, in fine condition, and an unusual<br/>Van Dyck. They are among the
      new exhibits at the Maritime<br/>Museum. I looked in there yesterday when I
      went to change <br/>my address on the ration book. (I find incidentally that<br/>you
      can exist forever on emergency cards so that will help<br/>you when you come
      here except for points which we can give<br/>Mrs Gardiner loose, I think.) But
      to return to the pictures - <br/>they are magnificient and would, even in the
      N.G. be of<br/>dazzling quality.  I cannot wait for you to see them.<br/><br/>I
      have boked seats for Machiavelli''s comedy at the <br/>Mercury for the 16th.
      I know nothing of the plot but I <br/>am sure it must be enchanting. Incidentally
      my father is <br/>getting the Phaidon biography of Lucretia for me (trade price)
      - that<br/>promises to be fascinating. With all it shortcomings, <br/>and some
      of them are offensive, the Raphael is teaching me<br/>a great deal. There are
      one or two Giorgione asides<br/>which may interest you. While I study Roman
      you <br/>are reading Venetian art: how I look forward to <br/>reading your article!<br/><br/>One
      can make one''s own tea here so that is pleasaantly<br/>useful. Mrs Gardiner''s
      attitude is a reasonable one and<br/>we seem to be getting on alright. I mean
      the afternoon<br/>meal by ''tea'' so it is cheap and fills in the gap. Dandylion<br/>had
      two meals yesterday you will be glad to hear<br/>and lots of tomatoes.<br/><br/>I
      hope you painted yesterday, and again today. Give<br/>me all news. The two sections
      of our Epithalamion are<br/>called The Wishes of the Bride and The Wishes of
      the Bridegroom.<br/><br/>Would it be possible for you to lend me two clothing
      coupons?<br/>I have hardly any socks and could thus buy a stout<br/>pair. I
      am sorry to ask you but I can repay you soon and<br/>the need is urgent. Mother
      is very stern and won''t part<br/>with any more. I hope to buy a few cheaply
      soon.<br/>Meanwhile ...<br/>I hope you are sleeping well; take care of yourself,<br/>my
      dearest. I love you very much more than I can say in<br/>words, in prose anyway.
      Sylvia, I love you,<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2322
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/8a03256a-0bb9-4d06-a818-35b41f5e94ad.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9873112
    median_ratio: 0.9888018
    max_ratio: 0.9928058
    min_ratio: 0.9810629
    total_ratio: 4.9365558
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0552702
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0322368
    max_dissimilarity: 0.1313066
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0e+00
    had_one_special: no
    special_ratio: 0.0e+00
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 1.0
    majority_vote: yes
  file_name: gri_2003_m_46_b02_f02_005.jpg

---
