---
layout: post
categories: transcription
date: '2017-10-18'
title: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f07_021
data:
  classifications:
  - classification_id: 65812994
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345520
    user_name: not-logged-in-e6846e0e6e20b9858ffa
    created_at: 1.5019111e+09
    started_on: 1.5019092e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019112e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f07_021.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019111e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5019799e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2026.4420002
    minutes_annotating: 33.7740333
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 7
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n2 iv 1950\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nDid you enjoy the
      Wallace Collection yesterday. I hope you\nthought, among so many delicious objects
      and pictures and images,\nof our many visits there on Wednesday mornings. .
      . \n\nThe Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end of the\nafternoon
      I felt dreadful. I should not have gone I think.\nToday my cold is worse so
      I am glad to be staying in. I do\nnot think I shall come to town until Thursday
      evening when I\nhave an AIA committee meeting. Since that may go on until\nabout
      eight and since it is your last night at the flat\nI will not, I think, avail
      myself of Michael's invitation to\na meal. Thank him, do.\n\nThe trees we can
      see from the window are becoming slightly\ngreen and soon the great green curve,
      like the long side of\nthe coliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-dist-\nance.
      Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you\nback.\n\nHow did you sleep
      last night? I dreamed of you much of the\ntime. I remember you promised - in
      the dream - you had good\nnews for me. Think of some good news for me and make
      the\ndream true, there is a nice cat.\n\nVallance, the Sutton WEA secretary,
      who came yesterday, tells\nme he knows Miss Sleigh is much appreciated by the
      class who\nthink her contributions valuable. He wants me to give a talk\nthere
      in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures by\nmy friends there. You
      first, of course; your two water colours\nstarted the idea so you can see they
      were appreciated. I won-\ndered if I could get a couple of pictures each from
      Paul, Eric,\nand John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist the last-named).\n\nThink
      about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva for I can af-\nford to buy one or
      two at the moment.\n\nOh my dearest Sylvia, I love you. How charming was your
      re-\ncent letter which included a hug and two kisses, especially for\nDandy.
      He adored that. His tail curled up with pleasure.\nSo often the phone is more
      remote than a letter. Is the in-\nstrument too modern for us? It must be that.
      Nonetheless I\nlook forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon. Apart from\nevery
      other reason I wish you were here to read to me - you give\nme a double pleasure
      then, from the book, and your musical voice.\nBooks I read seem flat now.\n\nI
      love you - I adore you\n\nHug & [unclear]kisses[/unclear] from Dandy\n\nxxx
      \nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: Blackheath<br/>2 iv 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Did
      you enjoy the Wallace Collection yesterday. I hope you<br/>thought, among so
      many delicious objects and pictures and images,<br/>of our many visits there
      on Wednesday mornings. . . <br/><br/>The Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded
      and by the end of the<br/>afternoon I felt dreadful. I should not have gone
      I think.<br/>Today my cold is worse so I am glad to be staying in. I do<br/>not
      think I shall come to town until Thursday evening when I<br/>have an AIA committee
      meeting. Since that may go on until<br/>about eight and since it is your last
      night at the flat<br/>I will not, I think, avail myself of Michael's invitation
      to<br/>a meal. Thank him, do.<br/><br/>The trees we can see from the window
      are becoming slightly<br/>green and soon the great green curve, like the long
      side of<br/>the coliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-dist-<br/>ance.
      Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you<br/>back.<br/><br/>How did
      you sleep last night? I dreamed of you much of the<br/>time. I remember you
      promised - in the dream - you had good<br/>news for me. Think of some good news
      for me and make the<br/>dream true, there is a nice cat.<br/><br/>Vallance,
      the Sutton WEA secretary, who came yesterday, tells<br/>me he knows Miss Sleigh
      is much appreciated by the class who<br/>think her contributions valuable. He
      wants me to give a talk<br/>there in the Summer, a single one, with original
      pictures by<br/>my friends there. You first, of course; your two water colours<br/>started
      the idea so you can see they were appreciated. I won-<br/>dered if I could get
      a couple of pictures each from Paul, Eric,<br/>and John McHale (though, perhaps,
      you resist the last-named).<br/><br/>Think about canvases, ideas and sizes,
      my Minerva for I can af-<br/>ford to buy one or two at the moment.<br/><br/>Oh
      my dearest Sylvia, I love you. How charming was your re-<br/>cent letter which
      included a hug and two kisses, especially for<br/>Dandy. He adored that. His
      tail curled up with pleasure.<br/>So often the phone is more remote than a letter.
      Is the in-<br/>strument too modern for us? It must be that. Nonetheless I<br/>look
      forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon. Apart from<br/>every other reason
      I wish you were here to read to me - you give<br/>me a double pleasure then,
      from the book, and your musical voice.<br/>Books I read seem flat now.<br/><br/>I
      love you - I adore you<br/><br/>Hug & kisses from Dandy<br/><br/>xxx <br/>Lawrence
    charcount: 2299
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d340db56-abf0-4c42-a507-1af182de4ecf.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9866601
    median_ratio: 0.9904225
    max_ratio: 0.9926802
    min_ratio: 0.9712352
    total_ratio: 4.9333005
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0415986
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0415567
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0801551
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0153027
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: yes
    is_winning: winner
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65827738
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345520
    user_name: delaneyholton
    created_at: 1.5019347e+09
    started_on: 1.5019341e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019347e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_1) AppleWebKit/602.2.14
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.0.1 Safari/602.2.14
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f07_021.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019111e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5019799e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 577.7870002
    minutes_annotating: 9.6297833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_12_1) AppleWebKit/602.2.14
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/10.0.1 Safari/602.2.14
    ua.family: Safari
    ua.major: '10'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '1'
    os.patch: '1'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      2 iv 1950

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Did you enjoy the Wallace Collection yesterday. I hope you thought, among so many delicious objects and pictures and images, of our many visits there on Wednesday mornings...

      The Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end of the afternoon I felt dreadful. I should not have gone I think. Today my cold is worse so I am glad to by staying in. I do not think I shall come to town until Thursday evening when I have an AIA committee meeting. Since that may go on until about eight and since it is your last night at the flat I will not, I think, avail myself of Michael's invitation to a meal. Thank him, do.

      The trees we can see from the window are becoming slightly green and soon the great green curve, like the long side of the coliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-distance. Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you back.

      How did you sleep last night? I dreamed of you much of the time. I remember you promised - in the dream - you had good news for me. Think of some good news for me and make the dream true, there is a nice cat.

      Vallance, the Sutton WEA secretary, who came yesterday, tells me he knows Miss Sleigh is much appreciated by the class who think her contributions valuable. He wants me to give a talk there in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures by my friends there. You first, of course: your two watercolours started the idea so you can see they were appreciated. I wondered if I could get a couple of pictures each from Paul, Eric, and John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist the last-named).

      Think about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva for I can afford to buy one or two at the moment.

      Oh my dearest Sylvia, I love you. How charming was your recent letter which included a hug and two kisses, especially for Dandy. He adored that. His tail curled up with pleasure. So often the phone is more remote than a letter. Is the instrument too modern for us? It must be that. Nonetheless I look forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon. Apart from every other reason I wish you were here to read to me - you give me a double pleasure then, from the book, and your musical voice. Books I read seem flat now,

      I love you - I adore you
      Lawrence
      Hug & 3 kisses from Dandy
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>2 iv 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Did
      you enjoy the Wallace Collection yesterday. I hope you thought, among so many
      delicious objects and pictures and images, of our many visits there on Wednesday
      mornings...<br/><br/>The Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end
      of the afternoon I felt dreadful. I should not have gone I think. Today my cold
      is worse so I am glad to by staying in. I do not think I shall come to town
      until Thursday evening when I have an AIA committee meeting. Since that may
      go on until about eight and since it is your last night at the flat I will not,
      I think, avail myself of Michael''s invitation to a meal. Thank him, do.<br/><br/>The
      trees we can see from the window are becoming slightly green and soon the great
      green curve, like the long side of the coliseum, should cover the factories
      in the middle-distance. Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you back.<br/><br/>How
      did you sleep last night? I dreamed of you much of the time. I remember you
      promised - in the dream - you had good news for me. Think of some good news
      for me and make the dream true, there is a nice cat.<br/><br/>Vallance, the
      Sutton WEA secretary, who came yesterday, tells me he knows Miss Sleigh is much
      appreciated by the class who think her contributions valuable. He wants me to
      give a talk there in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures by my
      friends there. You first, of course: your two watercolours started the idea
      so you can see they were appreciated. I wondered if I could get a couple of
      pictures each from Paul, Eric, and John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist
      the last-named).<br/><br/>Think about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva
      for I can afford to buy one or two at the moment.<br/><br/>Oh my dearest Sylvia,
      I love you. How charming was your recent letter which included a hug and two
      kisses, especially for Dandy. He adored that. His tail curled up with pleasure.
      So often the phone is more remote than a letter. Is the instrument too modern
      for us? It must be that. Nonetheless I look forward to ringing you tomorrow
      at about noon. Apart from every other reason I wish you were here to read to
      me - you give me a double pleasure then, from the book, and your musical voice.
      Books I read seem flat now,<br/><br/>I love you - I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/>Hug
      & 3 kisses from Dandy'
    charcount: 2280
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d340db56-abf0-4c42-a507-1af182de4ecf.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9857544
    median_ratio: 0.9887324
    max_ratio: 0.9926802
    min_ratio: 0.9712352
    total_ratio: 4.9287718
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0415986
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0415567
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0801551
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0153027
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65842783
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345520
    user_name: Preacher357
    created_at: 1.5019504e+09
    started_on: 1.5019482e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019504e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f07_021.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019111e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5019799e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 2273.8150001
    minutes_annotating: 37.8969167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.90 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n2 iv 1950\n\nDearest Sylvia,\n\nDid you enjoy the
      Wallace Collection yesterday.  I hope you\nthought, among so many delicious
      objects and pictures and images,\nof our many visits there on Wednesday mornings...\n\nThe
      Tate gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end of the \nafternoon, I feld
      dreadful.  I should not have gone I think.\nToday my cold is worse so I a glad
      to be staying in.  I do\nnot think I shall come to town until Tuesday evening
      when I\nhave a AIA committee meeting.  Since that may go on until\nabout eight
      and since it is your last night at the flat\nI will not, I think, avail myself
      of Michael's invitation to\na meal.  Thank him, do.\n\nThe trees we can see
      from the window are becoming slightly\ngreen and soon the great green curve,
      like the long side of\nthe colliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-dis-\nstance.
      \ Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you\nback.\n\nHow did you sleep
      last night?  I dreamed of you much of the\ntime.  I remember you promised, in
      the dream, you had good \nnews for me.  Think of some good news for me and make
      the\ndream true, there is a nice cat.\n\nVallance, the Sutton WEA secretary
      who came yesterday, tells\nme he knows Miss Sliegh is much appreciated by the
      class who\nthink her contributions valuable.  He wants me to give a talk\nthere
      in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures by\nmy friends there.  You
      first, of course: your two watercolours\nstarted the idea so you can see they
      were appreciated.  I won-\ndered if I could get a couple of pictures each froom
      Paul, Eric,\nand John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist the last-named).\n\nThink
      about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva for I can af-\nford to buy one or
      two at the moment.\n\nOh my dearest Sylvia, I love you.  How charming was your
      re-\ncent letter whcih included a hug and two kissis especially for\nDandy.
      \ He adored that.  His tall curled up with pleasure.\nSo often the phone is
      more remote than a letter.  Is the in-\nstrument too modern for us?  It must
      be that.  Nonetheless, I\nlook forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon.
      \ Apart from\nevery other reason I wish you were here to read to me, you give\nme
      a double pleasure then, from the book, and your musical voice.\nBooks I read
      seem flat now.\n\nI love you, I adore you xxx  Hug & 3 kisses from Dandy\nLawrence"
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>2 iv 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Did
      you enjoy the Wallace Collection yesterday.  I hope you<br/>thought, among so
      many delicious objects and pictures and images,<br/>of our many visits there
      on Wednesday mornings...<br/><br/>The Tate gallery was stuffy and crowded and
      by the end of the <br/>afternoon, I feld dreadful.  I should not have gone I
      think.<br/>Today my cold is worse so I a glad to be staying in.  I do<br/>not
      think I shall come to town until Tuesday evening when I<br/>have a AIA committee
      meeting.  Since that may go on until<br/>about eight and since it is your last
      night at the flat<br/>I will not, I think, avail myself of Michael''s invitation
      to<br/>a meal.  Thank him, do.<br/><br/>The trees we can see from the window
      are becoming slightly<br/>green and soon the great green curve, like the long
      side of<br/>the colliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-dis-<br/>stance.  Once
      that happens I am really ready to welcome you<br/>back.<br/><br/>How did you
      sleep last night?  I dreamed of you much of the<br/>time.  I remember you promised,
      in the dream, you had good <br/>news for me.  Think of some good news for me
      and make the<br/>dream true, there is a nice cat.<br/><br/>Vallance, the Sutton
      WEA secretary who came yesterday, tells<br/>me he knows Miss Sliegh is much
      appreciated by the class who<br/>think her contributions valuable.  He wants
      me to give a talk<br/>there in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures
      by<br/>my friends there.  You first, of course: your two watercolours<br/>started
      the idea so you can see they were appreciated.  I won-<br/>dered if I could
      get a couple of pictures each froom Paul, Eric,<br/>and John McHale (though,
      perhaps, you resist the last-named).<br/><br/>Think about canvases, ideas and
      sizes, my Minerva for I can af-<br/>ford to buy one or two at the moment.<br/><br/>Oh
      my dearest Sylvia, I love you.  How charming was your re-<br/>cent letter whcih
      included a hug and two kissis especially for<br/>Dandy.  He adored that.  His
      tall curled up with pleasure.<br/>So often the phone is more remote than a letter.  Is
      the in-<br/>strument too modern for us?  It must be that.  Nonetheless, I<br/>look
      forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon.  Apart from<br/>every other reason
      I wish you were here to read to me, you give<br/>me a double pleasure then,
      from the book, and your musical voice.<br/>Books I read seem flat now.<br/><br/>I
      love you, I adore you xxx  Hug & 3 kisses from Dandy<br/>Lawrence'
    charcount: 2312
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d340db56-abf0-4c42-a507-1af182de4ecf.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9725201
    median_ratio: 0.972912
    max_ratio: 0.9740991
    min_ratio: 0.9697489
    total_ratio: 4.8626006
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0415986
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0415567
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0801551
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0153027
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65864415
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345520
    user_name: WiltedLotus
    created_at: 1.5019714e+09
    started_on: 1.5019705e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019714e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f07_021.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019111e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5019799e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 955.8149998
    minutes_annotating: 15.93025
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.12; rv:54.0) Gecko/20100101
      Firefox/54.0
    ua.family: Firefox
    ua.major: '54'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '12'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: .na.character
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      2 iv 1950

      Dearest Sylvia,
      Did you enjoy the Wallace Collection yesterday. I hope you thought, among so many delicious objects and pictures and images, of our many visits there on Wednesday mornings. . .
      The Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end of the afternoon I felt dreadful. I should not have gone I think. Today my cold is worse so I am glad to be staying in. I do not think I shall come to town until Thursday evening when I have an AIA committee meeting. Since that may go on until about eight and since it is your last night at the flat I will not, I think, avail myself of Michael's invitation to a meal. Thank him, do.
      The trees we can see from the window are becoming slightly green and soon the great green curve, like the long side of the colliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-dis-tance. Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you back.
      How did you sleep last night? I dreamed of you much of the time. I remember you promised - in the dream- you had good news for me. Think of some good news for me and make the dream true, there is a nice cat.
      Vallance, the Sutton WEA secretary who came yesterday, tells me he knows Miss Sleigh is much appreciated by the class who think her contributions valuable. He wants me to give a talk there in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures by my friends there. You first, of course: your two watercolours atarted the idea so you can see they were appreciated. I won-dered if I could get a couple of pictures each from Paul, Eric, and John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist the last-named).
      Think about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva for I can af-ford to buy one or two at the moment.
      Oh my dearest Sylvia, I love you. How charming was your re-cent letter which included a hug and two kisses, especially for Dandy. He adored that. His tail curled up with pleasure. So often the phone is more remote than a letter. Is the in-strument too modern for us? It must be that. Nonetheless I look forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon. Apart from every other reason I wish you were here to read to me - you give me a double pleasure then, from the book, and your musical voice. Books I read seem flat now.
      I love you - I adore you XXX
      Lawrence
      Hugs & 3 kisses from Dandy
    contains_special: no
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>2 iv 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/>Did
      you enjoy the Wallace Collection yesterday. I hope you thought, among so many
      delicious objects and pictures and images, of our many visits there on Wednesday
      mornings. . .<br/>The Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end of
      the afternoon I felt dreadful. I should not have gone I think. Today my cold
      is worse so I am glad to be staying in. I do not think I shall come to town
      until Thursday evening when I have an AIA committee meeting. Since that may
      go on until about eight and since it is your last night at the flat I will not,
      I think, avail myself of Michael''s invitation to a meal. Thank him, do.<br/>The
      trees we can see from the window are becoming slightly green and soon the great
      green curve, like the long side of the colliseum, should cover the factories
      in the middle-dis-tance. Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you
      back.<br/>How did you sleep last night? I dreamed of you much of the time. I
      remember you promised - in the dream- you had good news for me. Think of some
      good news for me and make the dream true, there is a nice cat.<br/>Vallance,
      the Sutton WEA secretary who came yesterday, tells me he knows Miss Sleigh is
      much appreciated by the class who think her contributions valuable. He wants
      me to give a talk there in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures
      by my friends there. You first, of course: your two watercolours atarted the
      idea so you can see they were appreciated. I won-dered if I could get a couple
      of pictures each from Paul, Eric, and John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist
      the last-named).<br/>Think about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva for I
      can af-ford to buy one or two at the moment.<br/>Oh my dearest Sylvia, I love
      you. How charming was your re-cent letter which included a hug and two kisses,
      especially for Dandy. He adored that. His tail curled up with pleasure. So often
      the phone is more remote than a letter. Is the in-strument too modern for us?
      It must be that. Nonetheless I look forward to ringing you tomorrow at about
      noon. Apart from every other reason I wish you were here to read to me - you
      give me a double pleasure then, from the book, and your musical voice. Books
      I read seem flat now.<br/>I love you - I adore you XXX<br/>Lawrence<br/>Hugs
      & 3 kisses from Dandy'
    charcount: 2283
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d340db56-abf0-4c42-a507-1af182de4ecf.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9859767
    median_ratio: 0.9898649
    max_ratio: 0.9920993
    min_ratio: 0.9717992
    total_ratio: 4.9298837
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0415986
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0415567
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0801551
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0153027
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65866065
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345520
    user_name: LauraJane86
    created_at: 1.5019726e+09
    started_on: 1.5019713e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019726e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.78 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f07_021.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019111e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5019799e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5018912e+09
    is_weekend: no
    seconds_annotating: 1305.3729999
    minutes_annotating: 21.7562167
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.78 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '60'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Windows 10
    os.major: .na.character
    os.minor: .na.character
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3112'
    os.patch: .na.character
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: |-
      Blackheath
      2 iv 1950

      Dearest Sylvia,

      Did you enjoy the Wallace Collection yesterday. I hope you though, among so many delicious objects and pictures and images, of our many visits there on Wednesday mornings...

      The Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end of the afternoon I felt dreadful. I should not have gone I think. Today my cold is worse so I am glad to be staying in. I do not think I shall come to town until Thursday evening when I have AIA committee meeting. Since that may go on until about eight and since it is your last night at the flat I will not, I think, avail myself of Michael's invitation to a meal. Thank him, do.

      The trees we can see from the window are becoming slightly green and soon the great green curve, like the long side of the coliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-distance. Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you back.

      How did you sleep last night? I dreamed of you much of the time. I remember you promised - in the dream - you had good news for me. Think of some good news for me and make the dream come true, there is a nice cat.

      Vallance, the Sutton WEA secretary, who came yesterday, tells me he knows Miss Sleigh is much appreciated by the class who think her contributions and valuable. She wants me to give a talk there in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures by my friends there. You first, of course: your two watercolours started the idea so you can see they were appreciated. I wondered if I could get a couple of pictures each from Paul, Eric and John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist the last-named).

      Think about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva for I can afford to buy one or two at the moment.

      Oh my dearest Sylvia, I love you. How charming was your recent letter which included a hug and two kisses, especially for Dandy. He adored that. His tail curled up with pleasure. So often the phone is more remote than a letter. Is the instrument too modern for us? It must be that. Nonetheless I look forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon. Apart from every other reason I wish you were here to read to me - you give me a double pleasure then, from the book, and your musical voice. Books I read seem flat now.

      I love you - I adore you xxxx
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 0
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>2 iv 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia,<br/><br/>Did
      you enjoy the Wallace Collection yesterday. I hope you though, among so many
      delicious objects and pictures and images, of our many visits there on Wednesday
      mornings...<br/><br/>The Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end
      of the afternoon I felt dreadful. I should not have gone I think. Today my cold
      is worse so I am glad to be staying in. I do not think I shall come to town
      until Thursday evening when I have AIA committee meeting. Since that may go
      on until about eight and since it is your last night at the flat I will not,
      I think, avail myself of Michael''s invitation to a meal. Thank him, do.<br/><br/>The
      trees we can see from the window are becoming slightly green and soon the great
      green curve, like the long side of the coliseum, should cover the factories
      in the middle-distance. Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you back.<br/><br/>How
      did you sleep last night? I dreamed of you much of the time. I remember you
      promised - in the dream - you had good news for me. Think of some good news
      for me and make the dream come true, there is a nice cat.<br/><br/>Vallance,
      the Sutton WEA secretary, who came yesterday, tells me he knows Miss Sleigh
      is much appreciated by the class who think her contributions and valuable. She
      wants me to give a talk there in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures
      by my friends there. You first, of course: your two watercolours started the
      idea so you can see they were appreciated. I wondered if I could get a couple
      of pictures each from Paul, Eric and John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist
      the last-named).<br/><br/>Think about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva
      for I can afford to buy one or two at the moment.<br/><br/>Oh my dearest Sylvia,
      I love you. How charming was your recent letter which included a hug and two
      kisses, especially for Dandy. He adored that. His tail curled up with pleasure.
      So often the phone is more remote than a letter. Is the instrument too modern
      for us? It must be that. Nonetheless I look forward to ringing you tomorrow
      at about noon. Apart from every other reason I wish you were here to read to
      me - you give me a double pleasure then, from the book, and your musical voice.
      Books I read seem flat now.<br/><br/>I love you - I adore you xxxx'
    charcount: 2255
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d340db56-abf0-4c42-a507-1af182de4ecf.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.973607
    median_ratio: 0.9768362
    max_ratio: 0.9785553
    min_ratio: 0.9599549
    total_ratio: 4.8680351
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0415986
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0415567
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0801551
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0153027
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  - classification_id: 65872998
    workflow_version: '28.76'
    subject_ids: 11345520
    user_name: LadyAlfhildr
    created_at: 1.5019799e+09
    started_on: 1.5019788e+09
    ended_on: 1.5019799e+09
    user_agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_9_5) AppleWebKit/537.36
      (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f07_021.jpg
    subject_loaded_date: 1.5019111e+09
    subject_retired_date: 1.5019799e+09
    is_retired: yes
    day_of: 1.5019776e+09
    is_weekend: yes
    seconds_annotating: 1110.0469999
    minutes_annotating: 18.5007833
    n_annotations: 9
    userAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_9_5) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML,
      like Gecko) Chrome/59.0.3071.115 Safari/537.36
    ua.family: Chrome
    ua.major: '59'
    ua.minor: '0'
    os.family: Mac OS X
    os.major: '10'
    os.minor: '9'
    device.family: Other
    ua.patch: '3071'
    os.patch: '5'
    device.brand: .na.character
    device.model: .na.character
    annotation_text: "Blackheath\n2 iv 1950\n\nDearest Sylvia, \n\nDid you enjoy the
      wallace collection yesterday. I hope you\nthought, among so many delicious objects
      and pictures and images, \nof our many visits there on Wednesday mornings...\n\nThe
      Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and by the end of the\nafternoon I felt
      dreadful. I should not have gone I think.\nToday my cold is worse so I am glad
      to be staying in. I do \nnot think I shall come to town until Thursday evening
      when I\nhave an AIA committee meeting. Since that may go on until\nabout eight
      and since it is your last night at the flat\nI will not, I think, avail myself
      of Michael's invitation to \na meal. Thank him, do. \n\nThe trees we can see
      from the window are becoming slightly\ngreen and soon the great green curve,
      like the long side of\nthe coliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-dis-\ntance.
      Once that happens I am really ready to welcome you\nback.\n\nHow did you sleep
      last night?  I dreamed of you much of the\ntime. I remember you promised --
      in the dream -- you had good\nnews for me. Think of some good news for me and
      make the\ndream true, there is a nice cat. \n\nVallance, the Sutton WEA secretary,
      who came yesterday, tells \nme he knows Miss Sleigh is much appreciated by the
      class who\nthink her contributions valuable. He wants me to give a talk \nthere
      in the Summer, a single one, with original pictures by\nmy friends there. You
      first, of course: your two watercolours\nstarted the idea so you can see they
      were appreciated. I won-\ndered if I could get a couple of pictures each from
      Paul, Eric,\nand John McHale (though, perhaps, you resist the last-named). \n\n
      Think about canvases, ideas and sizes, my Minerva for I can af-\nford to buy
      one or two at the moment. \n\nOh my dearest Sylvia, I love you. How charming
      was your re-\ncent letter which included a hug and two kisses, especially for
      \nDandy. He adored that. His tail curled up with pleasure.\nSo often the phone
      is more remote than a letter. Is the in-\nstrument too modern for us? It must
      be that. Nonetheless I \nlook forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon.
      Apart from\nevery other reason I wish you were here to read to me -- you give\nme
      a double pleasure then, from the book, and your musical voice. \nBooks I read
      seem flat now, \n\nI love you -- I adore you\nLawrence\n\nXXX Hug and [unclear]3
      kisses[/unclear] from Dandy"
    contains_special: yes
    unclear_count: 1
    clean_transcription: 'Blackheath<br/>2 iv 1950<br/><br/>Dearest Sylvia, <br/><br/>Did
      you enjoy the wallace collection yesterday. I hope you<br/>thought, among so
      many delicious objects and pictures and images, <br/>of our many visits there
      on Wednesday mornings...<br/><br/>The Tate Gallery was stuffy and crowded and
      by the end of the<br/>afternoon I felt dreadful. I should not have gone I think.<br/>Today
      my cold is worse so I am glad to be staying in. I do <br/>not think I shall
      come to town until Thursday evening when I<br/>have an AIA committee meeting.
      Since that may go on until<br/>about eight and since it is your last night at
      the flat<br/>I will not, I think, avail myself of Michael''s invitation to <br/>a
      meal. Thank him, do. <br/><br/>The trees we can see from the window are becoming
      slightly<br/>green and soon the great green curve, like the long side of<br/>the
      coliseum, should cover the factories in the middle-dis-<br/>tance. Once that
      happens I am really ready to welcome you<br/>back.<br/><br/>How did you sleep
      last night?  I dreamed of you much of the<br/>time. I remember you promised
      -- in the dream -- you had good<br/>news for me. Think of some good news for
      me and make the<br/>dream true, there is a nice cat. <br/><br/>Vallance, the
      Sutton WEA secretary, who came yesterday, tells <br/>me he knows Miss Sleigh
      is much appreciated by the class who<br/>think her contributions valuable. He
      wants me to give a talk <br/>there in the Summer, a single one, with original
      pictures by<br/>my friends there. You first, of course: your two watercolours<br/>started
      the idea so you can see they were appreciated. I won-<br/>dered if I could get
      a couple of pictures each from Paul, Eric,<br/>and John McHale (though, perhaps,
      you resist the last-named). <br/><br/> Think about canvases, ideas and sizes,
      my Minerva for I can af-<br/>ford to buy one or two at the moment. <br/><br/>Oh
      my dearest Sylvia, I love you. How charming was your re-<br/>cent letter which
      included a hug and two kisses, especially for <br/>Dandy. He adored that. His
      tail curled up with pleasure.<br/>So often the phone is more remote than a letter.
      Is the in-<br/>strument too modern for us? It must be that. Nonetheless I <br/>look
      forward to ringing you tomorrow at about noon. Apart from<br/>every other reason
      I wish you were here to read to me -- you give<br/>me a double pleasure then,
      from the book, and your musical voice. <br/>Books I read seem flat now, <br/><br/>I
      love you -- I adore you<br/>Lawrence<br/><br/>XXX Hug and 3 kisses from Dandy'
    charcount: 2317
    image_url: https://panoptes-uploads.zooniverse.org/production/subject_location/d340db56-abf0-4c42-a507-1af182de4ecf.jpeg
    mean_ratio: 0.9875604
    median_ratio: 0.9892958
    max_ratio: 0.9943503
    min_ratio: 0.9734913
    total_ratio: 4.9378018
    mean_dissimilarity: 0.0415986
    median_dissimilarity: 0.0415567
    max_dissimilarity: 0.0801551
    min_dissimilarity: 0.0153027
    had_one_special: yes
    special_ratio: 0.3333333
    selected_as_winning: no
    is_winning: loser
    drawing_vote: 0.6666667
    majority_vote: yes
  file_name: gri_2004_m_4_b01_f07_021.jpg

---
